<includeonly>{| class="mw-collapsible {{#if:{{{uncollapsed|}}}||mw-collapsed}} wikitable" style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 1px;"
|-
!style="border-radius: 6px 0 0 0; border-style: solid; border-width: 1px" colspan="5"|Anti-{{Enemy/Link|PT Imp Pack|link=PT Imp Group|text=PT Imp}} Setups
|-
|style="text-align: left; border-radius: 6px 0 0 0;" colspan="5"|Unlike most standard Abyssal enemies, the {{Enemy/Link|PT Imp Pack|link=PT Imp Group|text=PT Imp Group}} is relatively small and fast. <br>Attacking them with large-caliber guns will not do much damage; smaller guns are recommended to deal normal damage.
<br>They have a very high evasion rate and are next to impossible to hit with normal shelling and torpedo attacks. 
<br>This even includes special attacks. In order to sink them, your ships will require specific equipment setups.

<br>These rates are <font color="#FF0000">based on tests conducted during the Summer 2017 Event</font>.<ref>https://wikiwiki.jp/kancolle/命中と回避について#oc69c684, https://bs-arekore.at.webry.info/201709/article_3.html</ref> 
<br>The average observed hit rate without anti-imp setups was about 40% for regular fleets and about 10% for TCF. 
<br>The values on the table are the differences in hit rates compared to this. 
<br>The actual relation with [[Accuracy,_Evasion_and_Criticals#Accuracy_Formulas|accuracy calculations]] as well as PT Imp evasion stats are unknown.
<references/>
|-
!style="border-radius: 6px 0 0 0; background-color:#99CCFF; width:128px;" rowspan="2"|Equipment Setup
!style="background-color:#99CCFF; width:96px;" colspan="3"|Bonus
!style="border-radius: 0 6px 0 0; background-color:#99CCFF; width:256px;" rowspan="2"|Notes
|-
!style="background-color:#99CCFF; width:32px;"|DD
!style="background-color:#99CCFF; width:32px;"|CL
!style="background-color:#99CCFF; width:32px;"|CA/BB
|-
| {{RedGunLight}} {{SurfaceShipPersonnel}}
| 50%
| 25%
| N/A
| Adding more main guns does not increase the hit rate. Adding more lookouts '''halves''' the rate.
|-
|{{SurfaceShipPersonnel}} {{GreenGunMG}}
| 50%
| 25%
| N/A
|
|-
|{{SurfaceShipPersonnel}} {{GreenGunMG}} {{GreenGunMG}}
| 100%?
| 50%
| 30%
| 
|-
| {{RedGunLight}} {{SurfaceShipPersonnel}} {{GreenGunMG}}
| 100%?
| ??
| ??
| 
|-
| {{YellowGun}} {{SurfaceShipPersonnel}}
| N/A
| 35%
| 15%
| 
|-
| {{Radar}} {{SurfaceShipPersonnel}}
| 10%
| ??
| ??
| Only applies to RADARs with LOS stats greater than 5.
|-
| {{YellowGun}} {{GreenGunMG}} {{Seaplane}}
| N/A
| ??
| 45%
| Only applies to [[:Category:Zuiun|Zuiuns]].
|-
| {{YellowGun}} {{Seaplane}} {{SurfaceShipPersonnel}}
| N/A
| ??
| 75%
|
|-
| {{RedGunLight}} {{GreenGunMG}}
| 10%
| N/A
| N/A
| Destroyer only.
|-
| {{RedGunLight}} {{RedGunLight}} {{GreenGunMG}}
| 30%
| N/A
| N/A
| Destroyer only.
|-
| {{RedGunLight}} {{GreenGunMG}} {{GreenGunMG}}
| 50%
| N/A
| N/A
| Destroyer only.
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" | '''Important Notes'''
* Small Caliber Guns + Lookout + Machine Gun is the best anti-imp setup.
* It is inadvisable to run anti-imp setups on any ship but destroyers because it compromises their combat effectiveness.
* Having a reinforcement expansion is important because it allows the ship to not waste a slot on a machine gun/skilled lookouts.
* The values presented above are theorised to be '''fixed hit rates'''.
** This means they are unaffected by any outside factors.
* {{RedGunLight}} includes {{GreenGunDP}} high-angle small caliber main guns.
* {{YellowGun}} includes {{GreenGunDP}} high-angle secondary guns.
|-
!colspan="1"|{{edit|Template:Anti-PT_Imp_Setups}}
!colspan="4"|Last Updated: {{colour|red|14th September 2017}}
|}
{{clear}}</includeonly><noinclude>

{{Anti-PT Imp Setups|uncollapsed=true}}

</noinclude>