{{Documentation subpage}}
<!-- PLEASE ADD CATEGORIES AND INTERWIKIS AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS PAGE -->
This template inserts a Table of Contents which omits subheadings beyond a certain depth. The table obeys the same layout rules as the <nowiki>__TOC__</nowiki> [[WP:MAGIC|magic word]]. Omitted sections still have section edit links in the article body; the main use for this template is situations where you want section edit links for ease of editing but don't want to clutter the table of contents.

===Usage===
{{tlx|TOC limit}}

The template defaults to including only the first- and second-level headings, e.g. those numbered "1" and "1.1" in the TOC.

You can specify a different limit by adding a header level:

{{tlx|TOC limit|4}}

4 allows for third-level headings, e.g. "1.1.1", but omits any subheadings below that from the TOC.

The template works by hiding the lower levels with CSS. See [[MediaWiki:Common.css]].

=== TOC levels versus wikitext header levels ===
The heading levels in the TOC normally correspond to the header levels in the wikitext, so a "== Level-2 header ==" will normally generate the first-level ("1") TOC headings, a "=== Level-3 header ===" will normally generate the second-level ("1.1") TOC headings, and so on. This correspondence does ''not'' hold if the page contains "= Level-1 headers =" or skips header levels. For example, wikitext like this:
 == Level-2 heading (A) ==
 === Level-3 heading (B) ===
 == Level-2 heading (C) ==
 ====== Level-6 heading (D) ======
 = Level-1 heading (E) =
 == Level-2 heading (F) ==
 === Level-3 heading (G) ===
will generate a TOC like this:
{| class="toc"
|<div style="text-align:center"><b>Contents</b></div>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Level-2 heading (A)</span><ul>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><span class="tocnumber">1.1</span> <span class="toctext">Level-3 heading (B)</span></li>
</ul></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">Level-2 heading (C)</span><ul>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><span class="tocnumber">2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Level-6 heading (D)</span></li>
</ul></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><span class="tocnumber">3</span> <span class="toctext">Level-1 heading (E)</span><ul>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><span class="tocnumber">3.1</span> <span class="toctext">Level-2 heading (F)</span><ul>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-3"><span class="tocnumber">3.1.1</span> <span class="toctext">Level-3 heading (G)</span></li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
|}
Using <tt><nowiki>{{TOC limit}}</nowiki></tt> on this page ''would not'' hide header D, because even though it is a level-6 heading it is shown at the second level in the TOC. And it ''would'' hide header G even though it is a level-3 heading just like header B, because header G is shown at the third level in the TOC while header B is shown at the second level.

=== Conflicts ===
This template does not interact well with the {{tl|TOC right}}, {{tl|TOC left}}, {{tl|TOC center}} templates.  To achieve the correct effect, use those with a limit parameter.  For example, {{tlx|TOC&nbsp;right|2=limit=2}} has the effect that {{tlx|TOC&nbsp;right}} and {{tlx|TOC&nbsp;limit|2}} would have—if they worked together.

<includeonly>
<!-- ADD CATEGORIES BELOW THIS LINE -->
[[Category:Templates|{{PAGENAME}}]]

<!-- ADD INTERWIKIS BELOW THIS LINE -->
</includeonly>