=={{Anchor|2-5}} World 2-5 【Extra Operation】<br/>沖ノ島沖戦闘哨戒 Combat Patrol Off Okinoshima==
{{LabSortieworld
| map = 02_05.png
| difficulty = ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆
| item = {{Fuel}} {{Steel}}
| exp = 250
| code = 沖ノ島沖戦闘哨戒 (Okinoshima Patrol Battles)
| jptext = 同方面に敵反攻の兆候が報告された｡巡洋艦を中心に哨戒部隊を編成､敵艦隊の動向を探れ！
| entext = There are reports of an enemy counteroffensive.  Form a cruiser patrol group and track their movements!
}}

{{#invoke:MapBranching|branchingTemplate
|start_to_A =
|start_to_B =
}}

{|
 |- style="vertical-align: top;"
 |{{AirControlSystem
    | Map   =2-5
    | AS    =42
    | Fleet = 
    | Notes =
    }}
 |}

===Tips===

You are required to '''sink''' the flagship at boss node 4 times to clear the map. The reward for clearing the map is '''100 points''' and a '''medal.''' Boss's HP Bar will reset at midnight at the beginning of each month.

This map requires your fleet to have a certain amount of Line of Sight (LoS) in order to route to the boss.
*This map uses [[Line_of_Sight#Formula%2033|Formula 33 (F33)]] to calculate the LoS of your fleet to determine if you meet the LoS check.
** Fleets routing from I-O require Cn1 = 34
** Fleets routing from J-O require Cn1 = 54 '''(requires further confirmation)'''
* [[Akashi]] can drop with a small chance in 2-5, but only for Admirals who have do not have her yet in their base. If you already have her, she will not drop in this map anymore.

===Stage Guide===
There are three routes to the boss node that utilize different compositions.
* South route (C-E-I-O)
**'''1CV 1CVL 1CL 3DD'''
* Northern BM1 route (B-F-J-O)
**'''1BBV 2CAV 3CA'''
* Northern BM7 route (B-F-E-I-O)
**'''4DD 1CA 1CL'''


'''Routing Considerations'''
* The south route is the preferred route used for clearing since it allows for 1 CV and 1 CVL to be brought, enabling powerful opening air strikes.
* The northern routes should be considered for clearing quests such as [[Quests#BM1|BM1]] and [[Quests#BM7|BM7]].
* Ensure you meet the required LoS in order to route to the boss sucessfully by bringing enough radar, seaplane recons and carrier recons.


'''South route C-E-I-O'''

Example Fleets:
*1CV 1CVL 1CL 3DD
*2CVL 1CL 3DD

'''Generate Considerations'''
* Attention should be given to fleet ordering to ensure you maximize for day battle performance. 
* Use CV(L) that are able to perform strong opening air strikes.
* Ensure that you meet the required LoS to route to the boss node.

Carriers should be equipped to utilize '''[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Combat#/Day_Combat#Aircraft_Carrier_.22Fighter_.26_Bomber_Combination.22_Cut-in_Attack|Carrier Cut-In (CVCI)]''' to maximize accuracy and shelling power against the boss node. 


'''Northern route B-F-J-O / B-F-E-I-O'''

BM1 Example Fleets:
*1BBV 2CAV 3CA
BM7 Example Fleets:
*4DD 1CA 1CL

'''Generate Considerations'''
* All enemy compositions before the boss do not have any air power.
* '''[[Artillery_Spotting|Artillery spotting]]''' requires a minimum of Air Superiority (AS) and will increase the likelihood of reaching the boss node.
* Ensure that you meet the required LoS to route to the boss node.


'''North BM1 route'''

This composition is recommended to be used when attempting to clear the monthly quest [[Quests#Bm1|BM1]].

The routing for this composition is '''B-F-J-O''', 1 [[Drum_Canister|Drum Canister]] is required to be equipped on each CAV and pass a LoS check of Cn1 = '''54''' (needs verification).

All the enemy formations before the boss do not have any air power making it easy to secure Air Supremacy (AS+) with a minimal of 1 Seaplane Bomber (SPB) on a CAV or BBV. 

The boss formation is random between 3 Ru class battleships or 2 Ru class battleships and 1 Wo class carrier so attempt to reach AS using SPB on your CAV and BBVs.


'''North BM7 route'''

This composition is recommended to be used when attempting to clear the monthly quest [[Quests#Bm7|BM7]].
The routing for this composition is '''B-F-J-O''' and pass a LoS check of Cn1 = '''34'''.

This route is difficult without access to ships that are able to equip SPB granting AS+ against the pre-boss nodes.

'''[[Zara|Zara Due]]''' is the ideal choice due to her large first slot ensuring that the SPB will survive until the boss node and potentially securing AS+ against the triple Ru-class battleship formation.   

Otherwise any single '''Zara or Agano class''' with a SPB will be sufficient to secure spotting for the pre-boss nodes.


{{Navbox World}}
[[ko:2해역]]