{{EquipmentInfo}}

==Introduction==
防空型駆逐艦の主砲です。<br />
画期的な長砲身半自動装填砲を動力砲塔に備えた「長10cm」と呼ばれた新型の防空用高角砲で、
「秋月」型駆逐艦に搭載されました。<br />
複雑な構造のため量産には不向きでしたが、敵機の跳梁を抑える艦隊防空の切り札の一つです。

''This is the main gun of the anti-air destroyers.<br> It is a groundbreaking new model anti-air high-angle gun with a long barrel, semi-automatic loading and a powered turret. It was equipped on the Akizuki-class destroyers.<br> Its complex design made it difficult to mass-produce, but it was a key part of the fleet's defence against the air superiority of enemy aircraft.''

==Notes==
Not to be confused with [[10cm Twin High-angle Carriage Mount]].

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Arashio Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Asashio Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Hamakaze B Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Hatsukaze Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Isokaze B Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Kagerou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Kasumi Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Kuroshio Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Maikaze Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Michishio Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Ooshio Kai}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#F72|F72]] (x2, choice)

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|12.7cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|8cm High-angle Gun}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 91 Anti-Aircraft Fire Director}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 94 Anti-Aircraft Fire Director}}, {{Equipment/Link|10cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount + Anti-Aircraft Fire Director}}, {{Equipment/Link|90mm Single High-angle Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|8cm High-angle Gun Kai + Additional Machine Guns}}, {{Equipment/Link|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model D Kai 2}}, {{Equipment/Link|10cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount Kai + Additional Machine Guns}}, {{Equipment/Link|5inch Single Gun Mount Mk.30}}, {{Equipment/Link|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model A Kai 2}}, {{Equipment/Link|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model A Kai 3 (Wartime Modification) + Anti-Aircraft Fire Director}}

'''Used by quests: '''[[Quests#F76|F76]], [[Quests#F77|F77]], [[Quests#F78|F78]]

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-04-23:''' '''Implemented''' with initial game release
* '''2021-03-30:''' Visible bonuses added
</div></div>

==Fit Bonuses==
{{:10cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount/Bonuses}}

==Trivia==
One of Japan's relatively successful anti-air weapons, being equipped on carrier [[Taihou]], light cruiser Oyodo and Akizuki-class destroyers (the illustration shows the turret-mounted variant seen on Akizuki-class; Oyodo and Taihou were equipped with [[10cm Twin High-angle Carriage Mount|carriage-mounted ones]]). Both muzzle velocity and operating speed were increased significantly compared to [[12.7cm_Twin_Gun_Mount|traditional destroyer guns]], making it more effective toward enemy aircraft. In reality its anti-surface ability was not as high due to accuracy and ammunition mass but in-game it has the same firepower stat as the twin 12.7cm. Although the gun proved effective, Japanese Navy's anti-air ability still lagged behind as the anti-air fire control device was outdated. 

: It is easily accessible in-game as most destroyers carry it as stock equipment upon remodel; Chief Developer Mr. Tanaka once regretted that this weapon "was deployed rather too early, even before the Akizuki-class appeared in-game" in an interview.

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:10 cm/65 Type 98 naval gun|10 cm/65 Type 98 naval gun]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]