{{EquipmentInfo|63}}


==Introduction==
艦隊型駆逐艦の主砲のマイナーチェンジバージョンです。<br>
基本形と同様、防盾で全周を遮蔽、弾片や荒天対策を施しており、また本バージョンでは仰角範囲等も改良されました。<br>
駆逐艦夕立等に搭載されたとも云われています。

''This is a slightly improved version of the main guns of fleet destroyers.''<br>
''Similar to the base model, it has a shielded, enclosed turret that protects against shrapnel and stormy weather. This version has had it's maximum elevation improved.<br>''
''It was equipped on the destroyer Yuudachi.''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Amagiri Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Ayanami Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Ayanami Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Harusame Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Hatsuharu Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Kawakaze Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Kawakaze Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Ooshio Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Oyashio Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Sagiri Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Shikinami Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Umikaze Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Yamakaze Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Yuudachi Kai Ni}}

'''Upgradeable''' from {{Equipment/Link|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#B112|B112]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#B124|B124]] (x3, choice), [[Quests#C42|C42]] (choice)

''Ranking reward for:''
* Sep 2013: 支援艦隊
* Oct 2013: 21-100

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model B Kai 2}}, {{Equipment/Link|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model C Kai 2}}, {{Equipment/Link|QF 4.7inch Gun Mk.XII Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model B Kai 4 (Wartime Modification) + Anti-Aircraft Fire Director}}

'''Used by quests: '''[[Quests#F78|F78]]

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-10-04:''' '''Implemented'''
* '''2014-10-24:''' Became '''improvable'''
* '''2017-10-25:''' Became '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model C Kai 2}}
* '''2018-06-29:''' Visible bonuses added
</div></div>

==Fit Bonuses==
{{:12.7cm Twin Gun Mount Model B Kai 2/Bonuses}}

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name=12.7cm Twin Mount Type-B Kai 2
|ItemType=RedGunLight
|Fuel=10
|Ammo=40
|Steel=70
|Baux=0
|Mats0-5=2/2
|Mats6-9=2/3
|Mats10=4/8
|Screws0-5=2/3
|Screws6-9=2/4
|Screws10=4/7
|EquipConsume0-5=-
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{RedGunLight|12.7cm Twin Mount Type-B Kai 2}}
|EquipConsume10=3x{{RedGunLight|12.7cm Twin Gun Mount}}
|Mon=Y<br>A<br>K
|Tue=Y<br>A<br>K
|Wed=Y<br>A<br>K
|Thu=&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>K
|2ndShip=[[Yuudachi#Second Upgrade|Yuudachi Kai Ni]]<br>[[Ayanami#Second Upgrade|Ayanami Kai Ni]]<br>[[Kawakaze#Second Upgrade|Kawakaze Kai Ni]]
|Notes=Upgrades to [[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-C Kai 2]].
}}
|}

==Trivia==
This gun is the modified version of the twin gun ''Model B'' which was used by Ayanami-class and Akatsuki-class destroyer. The main difference between the Type A and Type B is that instead of the former's elevation range of −5° to +40°, type B's range is upgraded to 75°, which is required for the more complicated and effective AA systems installed on newer destroyers. Type B armour, however, was too thin to withstand heavy seas and splinter damage, thus the Type B Kai was introduced, adding more protection.

First mounted on [[Hatsuharu]]-class destroyers, but the effectiveness is unknown.

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:12.7_cm/50_Type_3_naval_gun|12.7 cm/50 Type 3 naval gun]] (the later part)
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[zh:12.7cm连装炮B型改二]]