{{EquipmentInfo|2}}

==Introduction==
艦隊型駆逐艦の主砲です。<br />
防盾で全周を遮蔽、弾片や荒天対策を施しており、また動力操法も採用した近代的な小型艦の主砲で、多くの主力駆逐艦に採用されました。<br />
あまり仰角はとれず、対空射撃は少し苦手です。

''The main gun of fleet destroyers.<br> It has an enclosed, shielded turret that protects it against shrapnel and stormy weather. It also has powered turrets. It served as the main gun of modern small ships and many frontline destroyers.<br> It isn't good at anti-air because of it's low maximum elevation.''

The main gun for most post-Mutsuki class Japanese destroyers save for the Akizuki, Matsu and Tachibana classes. Had four major variants denoted A, B, C, D respectively (A being the oldest), the main differences between the variants being the weight and the gun's elevation angle. Type A was limited to 40deg. elevation and was quite useless when it came to the AA role.  Maximum elevation angle was raised to 75deg. for the B- and D-types while the C-type was capable of 55deg.  Unfortunately, the firing rate at high elevation angles was very low since the loading sequence required hand ramming, which made Japanese destroyers vulnerable to aerial attacks.

==Note==
Buildable

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name=12.7cm Twin Gun Mount
|ItemType=RedGunLight
|Fuel=10
|Ammo=30
|Steel=60
|Baux=0
|Mats0-5=1/2
|Mats6-9=1/2
|Mats10=2/3
|Screws0-5=1/2
|Screws6-9=1/2
|Screws10=3/6
|EquipConsume0-5=-
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{RedGunLight|12.7cm Twin Mount}}
|EquipConsume10=2x{{RedGunLight|12.7cm Twin Mount}}
|Sun=✓
|Mon=✓
|Tue=✓
|Wed=✓
|Thu=✓
|Fri=✓
|Sat=✓
|Notes=Upgrades to [[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-B Kai 2]]
}}
|}

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:12.7 cm/50 Type 3 naval gun|12.7 cm/50 Type 3 naval gun]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]