__NOTOC__
{{EquipmentInfo|1}}

==Introduction==
旧型の小型砲です。<br />
旧型駆逐艦に標準的主砲として搭載されました。<br />
装填・操砲も人力ですが、シンプルな構造で経済性も高く、駆逐艦や海防艦等の主砲として、長く使われました。<br />
対空射撃には不向きです。<br />

''This is an old model small calibre gun. <br>It was equipped on older destroyers as their main armament. <br> Both loading and rotation was manual, but with its simple construction and low cost, it served a long time as main weapon of destroyers and coastal defense ships. It cannot be used for anti-air.''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Asakaze Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Asakaze}}, {{Ship/Link|Etorofu}}, {{Ship/Link|Fukae}}, {{Ship/Link|Fumizuki}}, {{Ship/Link|Hachijou}}, {{Ship/Link|Harukaze Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Harukaze}}, {{Ship/Link|Hatakaze Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Hatakaze}}, {{Ship/Link|Hirato}}, {{Ship/Link|Ishigaki}}, {{Ship/Link|Kamikaze Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Kamikaze}}, {{Ship/Link|Kikuzuki}}, {{Ship/Link|Kisaragi}}, {{Ship/Link|Kunashiri}}, {{Ship/Link|Matsukaze Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Matsukaze}}, {{Ship/Link|Matsuwa}}, {{Ship/Link|Mikazuki}}, {{Ship/Link|Minazuki}}, {{Ship/Link|Mochizuki}}, {{Ship/Link|Mutsuki}}, {{Ship/Link|Nagatsuki}}, {{Ship/Link|Sado}}, {{Ship/Link|Satsuki}}, {{Ship/Link|Shimushu}}, {{Ship/Link|Tsushima}}, {{Ship/Link|Uzuki}}, {{Ship/Link|Yayoi}}

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|12cm Single Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|12cm Single Gun Mount Kai 2}}, {{Equipment/Link|12cm Single High-angle Gun Mount Model E}}

''Used by limited-time quests: ''[[Quests/Seasonal#SF2|SF2]]

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-04-23:''' '''Implemented''' with initial game release
* '''2018-07-12:''' Became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' to [[12cm Single Gun Mount Kai 2]]
* '''2018-08-17:''' Card CG updated
</div></div>

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name=12cm Naval Gun
|ItemType=RedGunLight
|Fuel=10
|Ammo=20
|Steel=40
|Baux=0
|Mats0-5=2/2
|Mats6-9=2/3
|Mats10=2/4
|Screws0-5=1/2
|Screws6-9=1/2
|Screws10=2/6
|EquipConsume0-5=1x{{RedGunLight|12cm Single Gun Mount}}
|EquipConsume6-9=2x{{RedGunLight|12cm Single Gun Mount}}
|EquipConsume10=1x{{Radar|Type 22 Surface RADAR}}
|Sun=✓
|Mon=✓
|Tue=✓
|Wed=✓
|Thu=✓
|Fri=✓
|Sat=✓
|2ndShip=[[Mutsuki]]<br>[[Kisaragi]]
|Notes=<br>Uses 12cm Single Gun Mount for improvement up to ★+10 <br>Uses [[Type 22 Surface Radar]] to upgrade into [[12cm Naval Gun Kai 2]].
}}
|}

==Trivia==
This gun's basic structure was based on the British [[wikipedia:QF 4.7-inch Gun Mk I–IV|QF 4.7in. Mk.IV gun]], which was later produced domestically in Japan. The barrel of this gun was later mated to a high-angle mounting and served as AA guns for early Japanese heavy cruisers (ie. Furutaka-class to Takao-class. Both classes had their AA guns exchanged for [[12.7cm Twin High-angle Mount|12.7cm twin]] afterwards, but Chokai alone was equipped with 12cm singles throughout her career).

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:12 cm/45 10th Year Type naval gun|12 cm/45 10th Year Type naval gun]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[zh:12cm单装炮]]