{{EquipmentInfo}}

==Introduction==
巡洋艦の主砲や戦艦の副砲として独自開発された中距離砲です。<br />
やや旧式化していますが、列強の15cm砲とほぼ同等の射程と
威力を持っています。<br />
対艦対地専門で、対空射撃はできません。

''A medium-ranged gun that was developed domestically as the main gun of light cruisers and secondary gun of battleships. <br>Although it is slightly obsolete, it still has range and power comparable to 15cm guns from the other major powers.<br> It is designed for surface combat so it is unable to be used for anti-air.''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Abukuma}}, {{Ship/Link|Hyuuga}}, {{Ship/Link|Ise}}, {{Ship/Link|Isuzu}}, {{Ship/Link|Jintsuu Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Jintsuu}}, {{Ship/Link|Kinu}}, {{Ship/Link|Kiso Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Kiso}}, {{Ship/Link|Kitakami}}, {{Ship/Link|Kuma Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Kuma}}, {{Ship/Link|Mutsu}}, {{Ship/Link|Nagara Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Nagara}}, {{Ship/Link|Nagato}}, {{Ship/Link|Naka}}, {{Ship/Link|Natori Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Natori}}, {{Ship/Link|Ooi}}, {{Ship/Link|Sendai Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Sendai}}, {{Ship/Link|Tama}}, {{Ship/Link|Tatsuta Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Tatsuta}}, {{Ship/Link|Tenryuu Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Tenryuu}}, {{Ship/Link|Yura}}, {{Ship/Link|Yuubari}} (x2)

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|14cm Single Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|130mm B-13 Twin Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|14cm Twin Gun Mount Kai}}

'''Used by quests: '''[[Quests#F44|F44]], [[Quests#F90|F90]]

''Used by limited-time quests: ''[[Quests/Seasonal#SF3|SF3]]

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-04-23:''' '''Implemented''' with initial game release
* '''2014-10-24:''' '''Stats increased:''' '''{{Firepower}}+1 {{Hit}}+0 → {{Firepower}}+2 {{Hit}}+1 ''', became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|14cm Twin Gun Mount}}
* '''2015-05-18:''' [[Gun Fit Bonuses|Invisible fit bonuses]] added
* '''2017-12-11:''' [[Gun Fit Bonuses|Invisible fit bonuses]] increased
</div></div>

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name=14cm Naval Gun
|ItemType=RedGunMedium
|Fuel=10
|Ammo=50
|Steel=80
|Baux=0
|Mats0-5=1/2
|Mats6-9=1/2
|Mats10=3/4
|Screws0-5=1/2
|Screws6-9=1/2
|Screws10=3/6
|EquipConsume0-5=-
|EquipConsume6-9=1
|EquipConsume10=2
|Sun=✓
|Mon=✓
|Tue=✓
|Wed=✓
|Thu=✓
|Fri=✓
|Sat=✓
|Notes=Can be upgraded to [[14cm Twin Gun Mount]]
}}
|}

==Trivia==
Used as Japanese post-Tenryu class light cruisers' main armament, as well as battleships' secondary gun in Ise class and Nagato class. The original secondary battleship gun was calibered at [[15.2cm Naval Gun|15.2cm]] but the shell weighing more than 40kg was rather too heavy to be handled by hand, thus came the smaller calibered 14cm gun. The momentum of shell itself decreased slightly but the range remained same, and it also have increased firing rate at maximum of 10 rounds/min. The fleet's food supply ship, Mamiya was also equipped with this gun. Also a [[14cm_Twin_Gun_Mount|twin-mount version]] existed and was used by Yuubari and the Katori-class.

: A somewhat underpowered equipment, with its AA firepower exceeded even by the [[12.7cm_Twin_Gun_Mount|12.7cm twin guns]] of destroyers.

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:14 cm/50 3rd Year Type naval gun|14 cm/50 3rd Year Type naval gun]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]