{{EquipmentInfo}}

==Introduction==
条約下で保有数に制限のあった重巡を、火力を増強した強力な軽巡で補うために開発されました。<br>
初の三連装砲でしたが、射程・発射速度・運用面全てに高い評価を得ることになりました。<br>
後に有名な「大和」型戦艦の副砲としても採用されています。<br>
対空戦にも効果を発揮する傑作砲です。

''To cover the shortfall of heavy cruisers that were limited by the Treaty, this gun was developed to produce powerful light cruisers.<br> It was the first 3-gun turret with excellent range, fire rate and operability. <br> It was later adopted as the secondary guns of the Yamato-class battleships. <br> It is a masterpiece that can also be used for anti-air.''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Mogami}}, {{Ship/Link|Ooyodo}}

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|15.5cm Triple Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|OTO 152mm Triple Rapid Fire Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|15.5cm Triple Secondary Gun Mount Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|15.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai}}

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-04-23:''' '''Implemented''' with initial game release
* '''2014-10-24:''' '''Stats increased:'''  '''{{Firepower}}+5 {{AA}}+3 {{Hit}}+0 → {{Firepower}}+7 {{AA}}+4 {{Hit}}+1 '''
* '''2014-12-12:''' Became '''improvable'''
* '''2015-05-18:''' [[Gun Fit Bonuses|Invisible fit bonuses]] added
* '''2017-06-23:''' [[Gun Fit Bonuses|Invisible fit bonuses]] increased, became '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|15.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai}}
* '''2021-02-05:''' Visible bonuses added
</div></div>

==Fit Bonuses==
{{:15.5cm Triple Gun Mount/Bonuses}}

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine2
|Name=15.5cm Triple Gun Mount (Main)
|ItemType=RedGunMedium
|Fuel=10
|Ammo=90
|Steel=120
|Baux=0
|Mats0-5=2/2
|Mats6-9=2/3
|Mats10=-
|Screws0-5=2/3
|Screws6-9=2/4
|Screws10=-
|EquipConsume0-5=-
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{RedGunMedium|15.5cm Triple Gun Mount (Main)}}
|EquipConsume10=-
|Fri=M
|Sat=M
|2ndShip=[[Mogami]]
|Mats10:2=8/12
|Screws10:2=4/8
|EquipConsume10:2=2x{{RedGunMedium|15.5cm Triple Gun Mount (Main)}}<br>1x{{GunMat}}
|Sun:2=O
|Mon:2=O
|Fri:2=O
|Sat:2=O
|2ndShip:2=[[Ooyodo]]
|Notes:2=Ooyodo can upgrade this into [[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai (Main)]].
}}
|}

==Trivia==
Equipped by Mogami-class cruisers before they were converted into heavy cruisers by swapping their gun into [[20.3cm Twin Gun Mount|20.3cm]] turrets. Apparently Mogami-class was designed as a heavy cruiser, but the naval treaty at the time defined cruiser types with main gun caliber so it is a sort of regulation loophole. The other ships that also equip this are the Yamato-class Battleship and the Oyodo-class Light Cruiser.

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:15.5 cm/60 3rd Year Type naval gun|15.5 cm/60 3rd Year Type naval gun]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]