{{EquipmentInfo|12}}

==Introduction==
巡洋艦の主砲だったものを、戦艦の副砲として活用しました。<br />
「大和」型に搭載され、対空戦も可能な、性能・運用ともに優秀な戦艦副砲となりました。<br />
砲塔部の装甲が薄いのが玉に傷で、諸説ありますが「大和」型の唯一の弱点という指摘もありました。

''Although designed to be a part of the cruiser's main battery, it saw a more practical use as the battleship's secondary armament. The Yamato-class was designed with this, for potential use as an anti-aircraft gun, however its combined ability and performance were outstanding enough to be used as the battleship's secondary armament. However, the turret section's armor was very thin, resulting in various rumors about it being the Yamato-class' Achilles' heel when pointed out.''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Haruna Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Hiei Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Kirishima Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Kongou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Musashi}}, {{Ship/Link|Yamato}}

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|15.5cm Triple Secondary Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|15.5cm Triple Secondary Gun Mount Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|15.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|15.2cm Triple Gun Mount}}

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-04-23:''' '''Implemented''' with initial game release
* '''2017-06-23:''' Became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|15.5cm Triple Secondary Gun Mount Kai}}
</div></div>

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name=15.5cm Triple Gun Mount (Secondary)
|ItemType=YellowGun
|Fuel=10
|Ammo=90
|Steel=120
|Baux=0
|Mats0-5=2/2
|Mats6-9=2/3
|Mats10=8/12
|Screws0-5=2/3
|Screws6-9=2/4
|Screws10=4/8
|EquipConsume0-5=-
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{YellowGun|15.5cm Triple Gun Mount (Secondary)}}
|EquipConsume10=2x{{YellowGun|15.5cm Triple Gun Mount (Secondary)}}<br>1x{{GunMat}}
|Sun=M
|Fri=Y<br>M
|Sat=Y<br>M
|2ndShip=[[Yamato]]<br>[[Musashi]]
|Notes=[[Musashi#Second Upgrade|Musashi Kai Ni]] can NOT improve this gun.<br>Upgrades to [[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai (Secondary)]].
}}
|}

==Trivia==
According to [http://navweaps.com/Weapons/WNJAP_61-60_3ns.htm here], the Mogami-class and eventually the Tone-class was supposed to have the gun, but when the practical use was seen in Yamato-class and Oyodo, it then remained as part of the battleship's main weaponry. One factor for the gun design change was that the gun was supposed to have an additional 75 degrees for AA firing on top of the main 45 degrees for general firing, but this was switched to +55 degrees for the reasoning that it was too inefficient.

The "Achilles' heel" portion refers to the relatively inferior armour thickness of the turret part, albeit being colossaly improved compared to casemate guns of other Japanese battleships (Fuso-class to Nagato-class).

==See Also==
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/15.5_cm/60_3rd_Year_Type 15.5cm/60 3rd Year Type Naval Gun]

{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]