{{EquipmentInfo|9}}

==Introduction==
呉海軍工廠砲熕部が極秘開発した世界最大最強の戦艦主砲です。<br />
敵戦艦に対してアウトレンジが可能な最大射程40kmを超える最新鋭のこの巨砲は、
機密保持のため公式には16インチ砲とされていました。<br />
「三式弾」を用いた強力な対空射撃も可能です。

''Developed in absolute secrecy at the Kure Naval Arsenal's Artillery Division, this is the largest and most powerful battleship gun in the world.''<br>
''It is a state-of-the-art gun capable of outranging enemy battleships with it's maximum range in excess of 40km. To ensure secrecy, it is officially designated as a 16 inch gun.''<br>
''It is capable of strong anti-air fire when used alongside the Type 3 Shell.''

==Notes==
Has the longest shelling range.

Despite not being a high-angle gun, this gun provides a slightly higher bonus to [[Anti-Air Fire#Adjusted Anti-Air|fleet anti-air defence]], having a fleet anti-air equipment modifier of 0.25 rather than 0.2.

This cannon has [[Gun Fit Bonuses|overweight penalties]] when used on most ships, decreasing accuracy by a certain amount. It is advised not to use two or more in a combined fleet because of the augmentation of accuracy penalties in combined fleets.

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Musashi Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Musashi}}, {{Ship/Link|Yamato Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Yamato}}

'''Upgradeable''' from {{Equipment/Link|Prototype 46cm Twin Gun Mount}}

''Event reward for:''
* [[Spring 2013 Event]] E-2

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|41cm Twin Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|46cm Triple Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|Prototype 41cm Triple Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|Prototype 51cm Twin Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|16inch Triple Gun Mount Mk.7}}, {{Equipment/Link|30.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|41cm Triple Gun Mount Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|38cm Quadruple Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|46cm Triple Gun Mount Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|51cm Twin Gun Mount}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 1 Armor Piercing Shell Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|16inch Triple Gun Mount Mk.6 mod.2}}

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-04-23:''' '''Implemented''' with initial game release
* '''2014-07-28:''' [[Gun Fit Bonuses|Invisible fit bonuses]] added, card CG updated
* '''2015-02-23:''' Became '''improvable'''
* '''2018-02-05:''' Became '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|46cm Triple Gun Mount Kai}}
</div></div>

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name=46cm Triple Gun Mount
|ItemType=RedGunHeavy
|Fuel=50
|Ammo=480
|Steel=800
|Baux=50
|Mats0-5=6/8
|Mats6-9=8/10
|Mats10=18/36
|Screws0-5=4/6
|Screws6-9=5/8
|Screws10=12/16
|EquipConsume0-5=1x{{RedGunHeavy|46cm Triple Gun Mount}}
|EquipConsume6-9=2x{{RedGunHeavy|46cm Triple Gun Mount}}
|EquipConsume10=4x{{RedGunHeavy|46cm Triple Gun Mount}}<br>2x{{GunMat}}
|Sun=&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>M<br>&nbsp;
|Mon=&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>M<br>M1
|Tue=Y<br>Y1<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
|Wed=Y<br>Y1<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
|Thu=Y<br>Y1<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
|Fri=Y<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
|Sat=Y<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
|2ndShip=[[Yamato]]<br>[[Yamato#First Upgrade|Yamato Kai]]<br>[[Musashi]]<br>[[Musashi#First Upgrade|Musashi Kai/Kai Ni]]
|Notes=Upgrades to [[46cm Triple Gun Mount Kai]].
}}
|}

==Trivia==
Officially the largest calibered guns ever equipped on warships. In real world it was only equipped on purposely built Yamato class, but in Kancolle world even Kongou can carry this (the entire turret weighs some 2800 tons). After the war, the technologies used to rotate this turret was applied to the mechanicals of revolving restaurant on top of Hotel New Otani. The lathe used to machine the barrel of 46cm guns are still active today at Kure. 

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:40 cm/45 Type 94 naval gun|40 cm/45 Type 94 naval gun]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]