{{EquipmentInfo|68}}

==Introduction==
大発動艇、略して「大発」。<br>
輸送船からの揚陸作業や上陸船に用いた、現代でいうところの「上陸用舟艇」です。<br>
海上のトラックの様な「大発」は、大型輸送船や強襲揚陸艦等で運用可能です。

''Daihatsu-class landing craft, or "Daihatsu" for short. In modern times, it's called a "landing craft" and used for landing troops and materiel. Daihatsu could be operated from amphibious assault ships and the like. It was known as the "Truck of the Sea".''

==Notes==
*[[Expeditions#Landing Crafts|Increases expedition resources gain]] by 5% for each equipped Landing Craft, up to 20%. Increase is multiplicative with bonus from Great Success.
**When modifying a Daihatsu through [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] you can improve the resource gain .05% per star, upon reaching it's max you can gain .5% per daihatsu. In addition, this modification to your daihatsu can increase expedition gain past the natural 20% cap that you can get using 4 daihatsu.
*Beginning with the event of [[Fall 2015 Event|Fall 2015]], Transport Operation maps were introduced. Daihatsu have a use in event waters where they can be used to help aid in depleting points from the TP gauge to complete an event map. ''For details see [[Transport Operation#Equipment TP Value]]''
* Equipping these with a combination of a WG42 will add bonus damage against enemy installations where [[Combat/Anti-Installation#Damage Bonuses|amphibious warfare mechanics]] apply (I.E 6-4)

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Abukuma Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Akitsu Maru}}, {{Ship/Link|Arare Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Arashio Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Kinu Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Ooshio Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Shinshuu Maru Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Shinshuu Maru}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#Bq12|Bq12]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#By7|By7]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#B62|B62]], [[Quests#B73|B73]], [[Quests#B103|B103]] (choice), [[Quests#B104|B104]] (choice), [[Quests#B109|B109]] (choice), [[Quests#B111|B111]] (choice), [[Quests#B113|B113]] (choice), [[Quests#B116|B116]] (choice), [[Quests#B124|B124]] (choice), [[Quests#B126|B126]] (choice), [[Quests#B140|B140]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#B163|B163]] (choice), [[Quests#C13|C13]] (choice), [[Quests#C38|C38]] (choice), [[Quests#D31|D31]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#D33|D33]] (choice), [[Quests#D34|D34]] (choice), [[Quests#F90|F90]] (choice)

''From limited-time quests: ''[[Quests/Seasonal#7thAnvB1|7thAnvB1]] (choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#SB13|SB13]] (choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#SB24|SB24]] (choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#SB31|SB31]] (x2, choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#SB48|SB48]] (x2, choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#20WiB1|20WiB1]] (choice)

''Event reward for:''
* [[Spring 2016 Event]] E-1: Medium, Easy
* [[Fall 2016 Event]] E-2: Hard
* [[Spring 2017 Event]] E-3: Easy
* [[Early Fall 2018 Event]] E-1: Hard, Medium, Easy, Casual

''Ranking reward for:''
* Jan 2014: 1-3, 21-100
* Feb 2014: 1-3, 4-20, 21-100, 101-500
* Mar 2014: 1-3
* Jun 2014: 1-5, 6-20

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|Daihatsu Landing Craft}}, {{Equipment/Link|Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft}}

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-12-24:''' '''Implemented'''
* '''2015-11-18:''' Card CG updated
* '''2016-03-19:''' Became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|Daihatsu Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tank & Landing Force)}}
* '''2016-11-04:''' Became '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft}}
* '''2021-03-01:''' Became '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|Armed Daihatsu}}
</div></div>

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine2
|Name={{PAGENAME}}
|ItemType=LandingCraft
|Fuel=50
|Ammo=30
|Steel=30
|Baux=10
|Mats0-5=1/2
|Mats6-9=1/4
|Mats10=4/8
|Screws0-5=1/2
|Screws6-9=2/3
|Screws10=3/7
|EquipConsume0-5=1x{{Drum|Drum Canister}}
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{GreenGunMG|7.7mm Machine Gun}}
|EquipConsume10=3x{{GreenGunMG|12.7mm Machine Gun}}
|Sun=Ak<br>Ab<br>Sa
|Mon=&nbsp;<br>Ab<br>Sa
|Tue=&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>Sa
|Wed=Ak<br>&nbsp;<br>Sa
|Thu=Ak<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
|Fri=Ak<br>Ab<br>&nbsp;
|Sat=Ak<br>Ab<br>&nbsp;
|2ndShip=[[Akitsu Maru]]<br>[[Abukuma#Second Upgrade|Abukuma&nbsp;Kai&nbsp;Ni]]<br>[[Satsuki#Second Upgrade|Satsuki Kai Ni]]
|Notes=Upgrades to [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)]].
|Mats10:2=8/16
|Screws10:2=6/12
|EquipConsume10:2=4x{{LandingCraft|Daihatsu-class Landing Craft}}
|Sun:2=Ki<br>&nbsp;
|Mon:2=&nbsp;<br>Ta
|Tue:2=&nbsp;<br>Ta
|Wed:2=&nbsp;<br>Ta
|Thu:2=Ki<br>Ta
|Fri:2=Ki<br>&nbsp;
|Sat:2=Ki<br>&nbsp;
|2ndShip:2=[[Kinu#Second Upgrade|Kinu Kai Ni]]<br>[[Tatsuta#Second Upgrade|Tatsuta Kai Ni]]
|Notes:2=Upgrades to [[Toku Daihatsu-class Landing Craft]]
}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name={{PAGENAME}}
|ItemType=LandingCraft
|Fuel=50
|Ammo=30
|Steel=30
|Baux=10
|Mats0-5=1/2
|Mats6-9=1/4
|Mats10=6/9
|Screws0-5=1/2
|Screws6-9=2/3
|Screws10=3/6
|EquipConsume0-5=1x{{Drum|Drum Canister}}
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{GreenGunMG|7.7mm Machine Gun}}
|EquipConsume10=1x{{LandingCraft|Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)}}
|Sun=Sh
|Mon=Sh
|Tue=Sh
|Wed=Sh
|Thu=Sh
|Fri=Sh
|Sat=Sh
|2ndShip=[[Shinshuu Maru]]
|Notes=Upgrades to [[Armed Daihatsu]].
}}
|}

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:Daihatsu-class landing craft|Daihatsu-class Landing Craft]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Landing Craft]]