=Style Guide=
===Honorifics===
The general rule is that honorifics should be translated to the nearest English equivalent where appropriate and dropped otherwise. Examples:

* San - Dropped when referring to equals or sisters. "Ms" when talking to superiors.
* Neesan - "Big sis".
* Chan/chin - Dropped. Kept when combined with a nickname; eg "Hacchan".
* Sama - When talking about themselves; "the great XXX". When talking to others; use the appropriate term of endearment; eg "my dear".
* Dono - "Sir"

===Pronouns===
Always use first person pronouns when translating girls referring to themselves in 3rd person. This includes when the girls talk about "XX特製YY". Instead of "XX's special YY", it should be "my special YY". Exceptions can be made where it makes sense. Including, but not limited to:

* Sortie/combat acknowledgements
* Very young girls
* Idols

Where unsure, ask the team and we'll come to an agreement.

===Ellipsis===
Use the full-width ellipsis character "…"(ALT+0133) in the JP text. Do not use 3 dots like "。。。" or "・・・" or "...".

===Translations===
The following are words which have multiple methods of translation but we've decided to stick with one to be consistent with Tanaka English.

* 情報 - Information
* 抜錨 - Weigh anchor

=Useful Links=

* https://jisho.org/ - dictionary with handwritten and radical search
* https://kanji.sljfaq.org/ - alternate dictionary with handwritten and radical search
* https://translate.google.com/ - useful tool for typing JP where proper language plugins are unavailable
* https://ejje.weblio.jp/ - dictionary useful for searching idioms and phrases

=Terminology=

* 作戦 - Event
* 前段作戦 - Main Operation (MO)
* 後段作戦 - Extra Operation (EO)
* 艦娘 - ship girl
* 海域 - operation area/event location
* 水戦 - DesRon. Short form for 水雷戦隊.
* 第XX駆 - DesDiv XX. Sort form for 駆逐隊.
* 戦隊 - BatDiv or Fleet depending on historical context.
* 夾叉 - Bracketed. Ie shots landing on either side of a target
* 両舷 - Generally referring to propellers. So 両舷全速 would be "full speed ahead".
* https://safebooru.donmai.us/posts/1984820 - Speed settings
*改修 - Improve/Upgrade/Remodel
*更新 - Upgrade
{{Docs}}