General jobs that need doing during event updates.

=Editors=

# Make sure event page is created and populated.
#* New mechanics
#* New ship girls
#* New equipment
#* New enemies
#* Friend fleets (update if necessary)
#* Ship locks (if any)
#* Individual map sections

===Simple Writing Guide (Map Sections)===

*'''What does the player need to do in order to clear this map?'''
**How many phases does the map have (if any)?
**Does the map have debuffs/unlocks? Are they relevant/necessary? How are they triggered?
**Does the map have shiplocking, and on what difficulties if so?
***Does the map have more than one lock?
***Does the map allow post-clear farming with ships regardless of tag?
**Are there multiple start points? What are the start point conditions if so?
**Are there any historical/bonus ships? How significant is the bonus/How necessary are the ships?
**Is LBAS available?
**Are Friend Fleets available (yet)?
**Are Support Expeditions recommended (and/or does this change for Last Dance)?
*'''What fleets and routes should the player bring/take in order to clear this map or the various phases of the map?'''
**What ship loadouts (e.g. ASW, Anti-Installation, TCI) are required for the routing?
***What FP is required (if any)?
***Are AO barrels/resupply necessary?
***Are there any significant changes that need to be made for Last Dance [LD]?
**Are there multiple viable routes? What is the trade-off/difference, if any?
***Are there significantly different fleet limitations (e.g. max number of large ships, carriers or no carriers, AV/AO/AR routing) for each route?
***Does difficulty affect routing or fleet limitations?
***Again, does this change during LD?
**Are there any fleets/routes that are viable for easier difficulties but not on harder difficulties?
**Where should LBAS (if any) be sent?
***Again, does this change during LD?
**Does the player need to take into consideration shiplocking for later maps?
*'''Try to be as succinct as possible.''' Never use five sentences to explain what could have been explained in one. Avoid excessively "fluffy", non-meaningful descriptions.

=Translators=

# Ooyodo chalkboards
# Friend Fleet lines
#* Ping an editor to update individual shipgirl pages after lines are translated.
# New ship girl lines/equipment flavour text

{{Docs}}