{{EquipmentInfo|75}}

==Introduction==
ドラム缶を繋いだ簡易輸送用部材です。<br>
"東京急行"などに用いられました。<br>
駆逐艦の甲板などに搭載し、敵制海権内に進入、強行輸送を敢行します。<br>
(駆逐艦・軽巡洋艦・航空巡洋艦・水上機母艦・揚陸艦で運用可能です)

''These drums were often fastened together for ease of transportation and is used on supply runs like the "Tokyo Express". It is loaded on destroyers' decks and transported through enemy controlled waters. (Useable by destroyers, light and aviation cruisers, seaplane tenders and landing crafts.''

==Notes==
Effects:<br />
#Increases resource gains when supply nodes are hit in sorties.<br />
#Changes route taken in maps such as [[World 2: 南西諸島海域|2-5]] or [[World 5: 南方海域|5-4]].<br />
#Required for expeditions 21, 37 and 38.<br />
#* Those expeditions can be ''great success'', even if all ships don't have high morale.<br />
#Slightly increases TP gauge drain during [[Transport Operation#Equipment TP Value|Transport Operations]]
These do not:<br />
#Increase resource gains from expeditions when equipped ([[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft]] do, however).
<br />

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Harusame Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Minegumo Kai}} (x2)

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#Bq11|Bq11]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#B112|B112]] (x3, choice), [[Quests#D33|D33]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#F11|F11]] (x3), [[Quests#F12|F12]]

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|Daihatsu Landing Craft}}, {{Equipment/Link|Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|Shipborne Model Type 4 20cm Anti-ground Rocket Launcher}}

'''Used by quests: '''[[Quests#F37|F37]], [[Quests#F41|F41]], [[Quests#F43|F43]], [[Quests#F58|F58]], [[Quests#F68|F68]], [[Quests#F89|F89]]

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2014-02-26:''' '''Implemented'''
</div></div>

==See Also==
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]