{{EquipmentInfo|277}}

==Introduction==
大戦初期の太平洋上で零戦としのぎを削った艦上戦闘機、ワイルドキャット「F4F」シリーズ。本機「FM-2」は、F4Fの改良後期量産型で、その高空性能を削り低空での運動性と取り回しやすさを向上させた傑作汎用支援艦戦です。週間単位で量産された護衛空母などで運用されました。今回は、対艦・対地の汎用支援戦闘機として登場です。

''A carrier-based fighter from the Wildcat F4F series that fought fiercely with the Zero over the Pacific during the early stages of the great war. This model, the FM-2, is an improved, late-stage, mass production model, trading high altitude performance for improved maneuverability and torque handling at lower altitudes to make it a masterpiece general-purpose carrier support fighter. The FM-2 was deployed aboard ships like the escort carriers being churned out on a weekly basis. This time, the FM-2 enters the field as a general-purpose support fighter with anti-ship and anti-ground capabilities.''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Gambier Bay Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Gambier Bay}}

''Ranking reward for:''
* Dec 2017: 1-5, 6-20, 21-100, 101-500

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2018-01-27:''' '''Implemented''' as ranking reward
* '''2019-03-27:''' Ability to [[Anti-Installation#General Characteristics|target installations]] added
* '''2021-03-01:''' Became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|F4U-1D}}
</div></div>

==Trivia==
The B on the tail fin and color scheme suggest the in-game FM-2 is based off the FM-2 "Mah Baby" piloted by Lt. Bruce A. McGraw of VC-10, deployed aboard [[Gambier Bay]] during the Battle off Samar.

By 1944 the United States was commissioning escort carriers at a rate of roughly one carrier a week.

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name={{PAGENAME}}
|ItemType=RedPlane
|Fuel=110
|Ammo=140
|Steel=0
|Baux=290
|Mats0-5=4/5
|Mats6-9=6/8
|Mats10=14/20
|Screws0-5=3/4
|Screws6-9=3/6
|Screws10=10/17
|EquipConsume0-5=1x{{GreenPlane|Zero Fighter Type 21}}
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{GreenPlane|Zero Fighter Type 52}}
|EquipConsume10=1x{{GreenPlane|F6F-3}}<br>2x{{AvMat}}<br>1x{{SCM}}
|Mon=G
|Tue=G
|Wed=G
|Thu=G
|2ndShip=[[Gambier Bay#First Upgrade|Gambier Bay Kai]]
|Notes=Uses 1x [[Zero Fighter Type 21|Type 0 Fighter Model 21]] for ★+1...★+6 upgrades.<br>Uses 1x [[Zero Fighter Type 52|Type 0 Fighter Model 52]] past ★+6 upgrades.<br>Requires 1x [[F6F-3]]  for final upgrade to [[F4U-1D]].
}}
|}

==See Also==
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grumman_F4F_Wildcat#FM-1/-2_Wildcat FM-2 Wildcat]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[Category:Dive Bombers]]
[[Category:Fighter-Bombers]]
[[Category:Anti-Installation Dive Bomber]]