{{Under Construction
|Scope  = section
|Desc   =
|Help   = or listing the variations &/or noting the trends that govern the variations
|Missing Information = Reports & extrapolations
|Page Adopted   =
|Page Adopted 2 =
}}


==Anchorage Counter Bar==
「鎮守府カウンターバー」

===Initial Release===
Via [[Thread:162931|January 23rd, 2015 Update]]<br />
The bar will change drinks based on the secretary ship. May actually vary instead.<br />
Before 22:00 JST, it may be beer. At 01:00 JST, the bar closes (nearly).
{{clear}}


===Expansion===
Via [[Thread:188916|February 23rd, 2015 Update]]<br />
The bar now has additional wine & juice variations<br />
The hours seem to have extended to 24/7.
{{clear}}


===List===
(initial release)(''Incomplete'')

'''Beer''': [[Nagatsuki]], [[:Category:Akatsuki Class|Akatsuki Class]]

'''Beer & Edamame''': [[I-401]] (?), [[Tokitsukaze]]

'''Whiskey Set''': [[Hayashimo]], [[Tatsuta]], [[Yuubari]], [[Chikuma]], [[Prinz Eugen]], [[Nachi]], [[Ashigara]] (not Kai Ni), [[Hiyou]], [[Kongou]], [[Mutsu]], [[Bismarck]], [[Taihou]]

'''Sake''': [[Hatsuharu]], [[Myoukou]], [[Houshou]], [[:Category:Shōhō_Class|Shouhou Class]], [[Jun'you]], [[Chitose]], [[Kirishima]], [[Yamashiro]], [[Musashi]], [[Akashi]]

'''Sake & Snacks''': [[Kiso]], [[Kaga]], [[Hiryuu]], [[Akitsu Maru]], [[Taigei]], [[Hiryuu]], [[Amagi]], [[Akashi]] Kai, [[Jintsuu]]

'''Nothing''': [[Amatsukaze]], [[Tenryuu]], [[Ooi]], [[Kitakami]], [[:Category:Sendai Class|Sendai Class]], [[Noshiro]], [[Yahagi]], [[Haguro]], [[:Category:Takao Class|Takao Class]], [[Tone]], [[Ryuujou]], [[Chiyoda]], [[Akagi]], [[Shoukaku]], [[Hiei]], [[Haruna]], [[Fusou]], [[I-58]], [[I-168]], [[Akagi]], [[Maruyu]] 

'''''Drunkards''''': [[Hayashimo]], [[Kiso]], [[Nachi]], [[Ashigara]], [[Chitose]], [[Jun'you]], [[Mutsu]], [[Musashi]]
* They won't stop when the bar closes


(expansion)(''unknown how much of above holds true'')

'''Beer''': [[Agano]], [[Noshiro]], [[Sakawa]]

[[I-58#Quote|'''Chanpuru''']] until 1AM: [[Iku]], [[Asashimo]], [[Jun'you]], [[Musashi]]

'''Juice''': [[Akatsuki]], [[Ikazuchi]], [[Inazuma]]

'''Juice & Sandwich''': [[Nagato]]

'''Sake''' until 5AM: [[I-19]], [[Asashimo]], [[Jun'you]], [[Musashi]]

'''Wine''': [[Murasame]], [[Tatsuta]], [[Yuubari]], [[Suzuya]], [[Kumano]], [[Prinz Eugen]], [[Haruna]], [[Bismarck]], [[Souryuu]], [[U-511]], [[Katori]],  [[I-8]]

'''Whiskey''': [[Hibiki]], [[Yahagi]]

''Uncategorized drinkers'': [[Asashimo]], [[Shigure]], [[Yuudachi]], [[Hatsukaze]], [[Akizuki]], [[Samidare]], [[Suzukaze]], [[Fusou]], [[Sendai]], [[Naka]], [[Haguro]], [[I-401]], [[Shoukaku]], [[Zuikaku]], [[Unryuu]]

=== Latest data from wikiwiki ===

==== Sake ====
21:00~5:00: [[Yamashiro]], [[Kirishima]], [[Chitose]], [[Kiso]]

21:00~1:00: [[Taigei]]/[[Ryuuhou]], [[Akashi]], [[Akitsu Maru]], [[Hiryuu]], [[Unryuu]], [[Amagi]], [[Kaga]], [[Ise]], [[Hyuuga]], [[Yamato]], [[Zuihou]], [[Shouhou]], [[Houshou]], [[Myoukou]], [[Jintsuu]], [[Hatsuharu]], [[Kikuzuki]]

==== Whiskey ====
21:00~5:00: [[Mutsu]], [[Nachi]], [[Ashigara]], [[Hayashimo]]

21:00~1:00: [[Taihou]], [[Kongou]], [[Mogami]], [[Chikuma]], [[Yahagi]], [[Ooyodo]], [[Verniy]], [[Kisaragi]], [[Yuugumo]], [[Naganami]], [[Isokaze]]

==== Wine ====
21:00~5:00: [[Katori]], [[I-8]], [[Bismarck]], [[Tatsuta]], [[Murasame]]

21:00~1:00: [[U-511]]/[[Ro-500]], [[Souryuu]], [[Haruna]], [[Hiyou]], [[Suzuya]], [[Kumano]], [[Prinz Eugen]], [[Yuubari]], [[Murakumo]], [[Tokitsukaze]]

==== Beer ====
All of the above from 19:00~21:00.

Uncategorised ships from 19:00~22:00.

==== Juice ====
5:00~21:00: [[Nagato]], [[Tenryuu]], [[Sakawa]], [[Yukikaze]], [[Shimakaze]], [[Oboro]], [[Akebono]], [[Akatsuki]], [[Hibiki]] (not Verniy), [[Ikazuchi]], [[Inazuma]], [[Shiratsuyu]], [[Asashio]], [[Ooshio]], [[Mutsuki]], [[Fumizuki]], [[Maikaze]], [[Makigumo]], [[Yayoi]], [[Uzuki]], [[Harusame]], [[Kiyoshimo]], [[Asagumo]], [[Yamagumo]]

==== Various ====
[[I-19]], [[Musashi]], [[Junyou]], [[Kako]], [[Asashimo]]: beer from 19:00~21:00, sake from 21:00~22:00, wine from 22:00~1:00, whiskey from 1:00~5:00.

[http://wikiwiki.jp/kancolle/?%B2%C8%B6%F1#BarTimetable Source]{{clear}}

=== Table ===

=== Translation ===
{| class="article-table" style="text-align: center" border="1"
|'''Secretary Ship'''
|'''After 5 AM'''
|'''After 7 PM'''
|'''After 9 PM'''
|'''After 10 PM'''
|'''After 1 AM'''
|-
|Any ship not listed below
| rowspan="8" style="background: #DDD;" |Nothing
| colspan="2" |Beer
| colspan="2" style="background: #DDD;" |
|-
|[[I-19]], [[Musashi]], [[Jun'you]], [[Kako]], [[Asashimo]]
| rowspan="7" |Beer
| Japanese Sake
| Wine
| Whiskey
|-
|[[Yamashiro]], [[Kirishima]], [[Chitose]], [[Kiso]]
| colspan="3" |Japanese Sake
|-
|[[Taigei]] ([[Ryuuhou]]), [[Akashi]], [[Akitsu Maru]], [[Hiryuu]], [[Unryuu]], [[Amagi]], [[Kaga]], [[Ise]], [[Hyuuga]], [[Yamato]], [[Zuihou]], [[Shouhou]], [[Houshou]], [[Myoukou]], [[Jintsuu]], [[Hatsuharu]], [[Kikuzuki]]
| colspan="2" |Japanese Sake
| style="background: #DDD;" |
|-
|[[Mutsu]], [[Nachi]], [[Ashigara]], [[Hayashimo]]
| colspan="3" |Whiskey
|-
|[[Taihou]], [[Kongou]], [[Mogami]], [[Chikuma]], [[Yahagi]], [[Ooyodo]], [[Верный]], [[Kisaragi]], [[Yuugumo]], [[Naganami]], [[Isokaze]]
| colspan="2" |Whiskey
| style="background: #DDD;" |
|-
|[[Katori]], [[I-8]], [[Bismarck]], [[Tatsuta]], [[Murasame]]
| colspan="3" |Wine
|-
|[[U-511]] ([[RO-500]]), [[Souryuu]], [[Haruna]], [[Hiyou]], [[Suzuya]], [[Kumano]], [[Prinz Eugen]], [[Yuubari]], [[Murakumo]], [[Amatsukaze]]
| colspan="2" |Wine
|-
|[[Nagato]], [[Tenryuu]], [[Sakawa]], [[Yukikaze]], [[Shimakaze]], [[Oboro]], [[Akebono]], [[Akatsuki]], [[Hibiki]] (not Верный), [[Ikazuchi]], [[Inazuma]], [[Shiratsuyu]], [[Asashio]], [[Ooyodo]], [[Mutsuki]], [[Fumizuki]], [[Maikaze]], [[Makigumo]], [[Yayoi]], [[Uzuki]], [[Harusame]], [[Kiyoshimo]], [[Asagumo]], [[Yamagumo]]
| colspan="2" |Juice
| colspan="3" style="background: #DDD;" |
|}
{{clear}}

===Notes===
====Bottle naming====
''....I noticed that several of the bottles had the names of the 'hard drinking eight' on them. Finally dawned on me that probably this is representing the 'bottle keep' service that they do (especially in smaller bars) in Japan. Basically, you buy a bottle of your favorite booze and leave it at the shop. The shop will hang a name card very similar to what you see in the graphics around the neck of the bottle, and every time you revisit the bar/izakaya you can request for your bottle to be brought to you. Depending on what you request with it (ice, water, soda water, distilled essence of innocence, etcetera) you might have a small service charge, but other than that you buy your bottle and drink to your hearts content without having to pay per drink....''
{{clear}}


===Contributors===
[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Recent_Updates/@comment-Whizzbam-20150126142953?permalink=165054#comm-165054 Whizzbam 1], [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Recent_Updates/@comment-Whizzbam-20150126142953/@comment-Whizzbam-20150127045949?permalink=165248#comm-165248 Whizzbam 2]

[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Recent_Updates/@comment-Whizzbam-20150126142953/@comment-175.156.234.189-20150126153821?permalink=165073#comm-165073 175.156.234.189]

[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Recent_Updates/@comment-Whizzbam-20150126142953/@comment-Mahoslash3-20150126162448?permalink=165091#comm-165091 Mahoslash3]

[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Recent_Updates/@comment-Whizzbam-20150126142953/@comment-KusoRNG-20150126165251?permalink=165104#comm-165104 KusoRNG]

[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Recent_Updates/@comment-Whizzbam-20150126142953/@comment-220.245.95.89-20150130104506?permalink=166514#comm-166514 220.245.95.89]

[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Recent_Updates/@comment-Whizzbam-20150126142953/@comment-Udonchan-20150130123932?permalink=166555#comm-166555 Udonchan]

[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Recent_Updates/@comment-175.156.234.189-20150223134658?permalink=189190#comm-189190 175.156.234.189]

[[User:Dechidechi|Dechidechi]]
{{clear}}
[[Category:Items]]|}