'''July 12th 2018''' ''Shiratsuyu / Tenryuu / Yuugumo Kai Ni Update''
# Tenryuu-class light cruisers’ nameship, [[Tenryuu]] has received her Kai Ni remodel.
#* No Blueprint or Action Report are required.
#* Level 84 required.
# Shiratsuyu-class destroyers' nameship, [[Shiratsuyu]] has received her Kai Ni remodel.
#* Requires one Action Report.
#* New voice lines.
#* Level 77 required.
# Yuugumo-class destroyers' nameship, [[Yuugumo]] has received her Kai Ni remodel.
#* Requires one Blueprint and one Action Report.
#* Level 75 required.
#* Updated Summer Clothes mode - the current Kai Ni CG might actually be her Summer Clothes mode and may change in the future.
#* Planned Winter Clothes mode update.
# Other Shipgirl updates.
#* New time limited voice line for Shigure Kai Ni.
#* Shigure Kai received Shigure Kai Ni hourly lines. These were also slightly refreshed.
#* Stat upgrade for Verniy.
#** +3 FP, +6 AA, +3 max Luck, ASW.
#* Stat upgrade for Shigure Kai Ni.
#** ASW.
# Akashi's Arsenal updates.
#* It's now possible to improve and upgrade 12cm Single Gun Turret Mounts.
#** Helpers: a certain destroyer nameship and the 2nd ship of the same class (Mutsuki/Kisaragi?). 
#* It's now possible to improve and upgrade 12.7cm Dual-purpose Twin Gun Turret Mounts (Late Model).
#** Helpers: a certain old type light cruiser Kai Ni remodel (Tenryuu) and Kai Ni remodel of the Fleet Idol (Naka).
# Equipment changes.
#* 12.7cm Twin Gun Turret Mounts, as well as 12.7cm Twin Gun Turret Mounts (Wartime Modification) will grant stat bonuses when used with Triple 61cm Oxygen Torpedo Mount (Late Model).
#** The bonus is only available to certain destroyer classes.
#* 12.7cm Twin Gun Turret Mount (Wartime Modification) is now available as a quest reward.
#** Requires New Gun Materials among others.
# New quests.
#* 精鋭「第十八戦隊」を再編成せよ！- Reform the Elite 18th Cruiser Division!
#* 精鋭「第十八戦隊」、展開せよ！ - Expand the Elite 18th Cruiser Division!
#* 新編成「三川艦隊」、鉄底海峡に突入せよ！- New Mikawa Fleet, rush into the Iron Bottom Sound!
#* 精鋭「二七駆」第一小隊、出撃せよ！- First Platoon of the Elite 17th Destroyer Division, sortie!
#* 駆逐艦主砲兵装の戦時改修 - Wartime modifications of destroyers' main guns.
#* 戦時改修A型高角砲の量産 - Mass production of the wartime adjusted Type A dual-purpose guns.
#* 改夕雲型、演習始め！- Remodelled Yuugumo-class, begin training!
#* Some of these quests reward Medals, Action Reports and New Gun Materials.
# Rainy Season has come to an end.
#* Rainy Season voice lines and CGs have been deactivated.
#* Seasonal CGs can be browsed in the Shipgirl Library, as usual.
#* Houshou's Special Dinner Tickets have expired and were removed from players' inventories.
# Furniture changes and furniture shop update.
#* Changes to the existing furniture:
#** Anchorage counter bar is now in summer mode and will offer summer food and drinks.
#** Hinoki wood hot spring bath has returned to its usual state.
#** Hot spring bath is now in Summer Sunflower mode.
#** Rainy Season's umbrella stand will no longer adjust to the Secretary Ship.
#* New furniture:
#** "Mainstay of Mainstay" wallscroll added. NEW!
#** "Observation Type" wallscroll added. NEW!
#** "Green grass flooring" added. NEW!
#** Shiratsuyu's special custom wallpaper. NEW!
#** Custom order crafted furniture. Quest reward. NEW!
#* Returning furniture:
#** Naval district wind chime.
#** Ice shaver.
#** Kanmusu-grown Morning Glory flowerpot.
#** Watermelon breakfast set.
#** Fumizuki's wallpaper.
#** Fumizuki's window.
#** Firework watching window.
#** Paddling pool.
#** Sandy beach floor.
#** Beach teahouse (wallpaper).
#** Beach teahouse flooring.
#** Goldfish wallpaper.
# Time limited Summer CGs.
#* Shaved Ice mode for the light aircraft carrier, Gambier Bay.
#* Summer clothes and Shaved Ice mode for Etorofu-class Kaiboukan, Etorofu and Matsuwa.
#* Summer clothes mode for remodelled Yuugumo-class destroyer, Naganami Kai Ni.
# New BGM and updates for the Jukebox.
#* 梅雨明けの白露 - White Dew on Rainy Season Morning. NEW!

[[Category:Game Updates]]