'''January 10, 2017''' ''Engine Improvement Update''

#'''End of New Years Update'''
#*All New Year's related CG, voices, furniture and quests will be removed.
#*All New Year's related CG content has been saved into the Library.
#'''Boiler and Turbines Expansion Update'''
#*Turbine type equipment such as [[Improved Steam Turbine]] can now be equipped to the [[Reinforcement Expansion]] slot.
#*By equipping a [[Improved Steam Turbine]] and [[Enhanced Steam Boiler]] onto your ship, you can change the speed of your ship from '''Slow''' to '''Fast'''.
#*A [[New High Pressure-Temperature Steam Boiler]] can be used as a substitute in place of the [[Enhanced Steam Boiler]] and can also be a requirement for some ship types. 
#*Different conditions may apply depending on the ship type.
#*There is also a quest available to earn a Turbine. 
#'''Effects of using Turbines and Boilers'''
#*In addition to what has been mentioned above, you can also turn Battleships and Aviation Battleships into Fast ships using the turbine + Boiler combination
#*This can also make a slow ship become fast in which can make them a part of a "Fast Fleet"
#* You can also equip a Turbine + Boiler combination to make a fast ship go even faster.
#**This currently only effects evasion, but can also important for influencing possible routing and branching in the future.
#'''[[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] Update
#* Akashi can now improve [[Improved Steam Turbine]]s and [[New High Pressure-Temperature Steam Boiler]] with the help of a certain kanmusu
#* [[Improved Steam Turbine]]s can be upgraded into [[New High Pressure-Temperature Steam Boiler]]
#* Akashi can also upgrade the [[F4F-4]] into an [[F6F-3]]
#* [[F6F-3]] can be improved through [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]
#'''Furniture Update'''
#* The following Furniture has implemented:
#**Mutsuki's Window
#**Mutsuki's Desk
#**Mutsuki's Floor (New)
#**Mutsuki's Wallpaper (New)
#**Hot Spring Bath
#**Sake & Whiskey Shelf
#**Winter Round Carpet
#**"6 Destroyer Division" Hanging Scroll
#**Aviation Battleship Stained Glass
#**Tatami & Plum Carpet (New)
#**Plum Wallpaper (New)
#**Classroom Set (Desk)
#**Classroom Set (Teacher's Lectern)
#'''New Quests'''
#* The Following Quests have been implemented:
#** Battleship Squadron, Weigh Anchor! 
#** Produce Custom Furniture
#** New Year's related quests have been removed
# '''[[Yura]] Voice Update'''
#*New supply and idle lines added to [[Yura|Yura Kai]]
#'''Limited winter mode lines'''
#* [[Mutsuki]], [[Ushio]], [[Okinami]], [[Asakaze]], [[Yamakaze]] and 10 other kanmusu have received winter voice lines.
#'''Improve Stats for Kanmusu'''
#*Four Kanmusu have received stat improvements
#**[[Ayanami|Ayanami Kai Ni]] Max Torpedo and Maxed Luck increased
#**[[Ushio|Ushio Kai Ni]] Max Fire Power and Max Anti-Air increased
#**[[Hatsushimo|Hatsushimo Kai Ni]] Maxed HP and Max Firepower increased
#**[[Shigure|Shigure Kai Ni]] max Luck increased
[[Category:Game Updates]]