'''February 5th, 2018''' ''Valentine's Day 2018 Update''

#'''[[Seasonal/Valentine's_Day_2018|Valentine's Day Mode CG]]'''
#* [[Ushio]] and [[Kuma]] have been given [[Seasonal/Valentine's_Day_2018|Valentine's CG]]
#'''[[Seasonal/Valentine's_Day_2018|Valentine's Day Voice Lines]]'''
#* A Total of 150 Kanmusus Voice lines were implemented.
#* Some of the new ones implemented include [[Etorofu]], [[Matsuwa]], [[Sado]], [[Tsushima]], [[Ark Royal]] and [[Richelieu]].
#'''Setsubun CG / Voice Lines have come to an end'''
#'''Hatsushimo Hourly Lines'''
#* [[Hatsushimo]] has been given Hourly Lines for her Kai and Kai Ni form
# '''Expansion to Max Ship Capacity'''
#* Maximum ship space has been increase from '''350''' to '''360''' along with equipment has been increased +40.
#'''New Mechanic: Anti-Air Rocket Barrage'''
#* The [[12cm 30 Tube Rocket Launcher Kai 2]], can now perform a new ability known as '''Anti-Air Rocket Barrage'''. 
#* Aviation battleships, aircraft carriers, seaplane tenders and aviation cruisers equipped with this can launch an '''anti-air rocket barrage''' during the '''air battle phase'''.
#* When a ship successfully activates an '''Anti-Air Rocket Barrage''' during the opening air battle phase, will be able to negate the ability of the enemy air attack to deal damage to herself.
#** The Success Rate of the ship depends on the ship type
#** A certain pair of aviation battleship sisters ([[Ise]] and [[Hyuuga]] will have an especially high success rate.
#'''Air Defense Effect Update'''
#* Effect of the ship anti-air defense effect during the opening air battle phase will be updated.
#* This includes showing a new graphical special effect when [[Type 3 Shell]]s activate during Aerial Phase. 
#'''[[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] Update'''
#* The following equipment changes can now be improved via [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]].
#**[[12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher]] can now now modified and upgraded to a [[12cm 30 Tube Rocket Launcher Kai 2]]
#***Action report is required.
#**[[12cm 30 Tube Rocket Launcher Kai 2]] can now be modified.
#**[[46cm Triple Gun Mount]] can now be modified and upgraded into a [[46cm Triple Gun Mount Kai]]
#***New Artillery Armament Materials are required to upgrade.
#** [[46cm Triple Gun Mount Kai]] can now be modified.
# '''UI update'''
#*Kanmusu Encyclopedia has been updated
#*New Fairy has been added into the page along with new gimmick graphics
#*Equipment section has been expanded.
#'''Jukebox and BGM update'''
#* Jukebox has been updated to include Valentine's related music.
#* BGM has been updated for various sortie maps.
#'''New Furniture'''
#* Along with the Valentine's Day Furniture and February themed Furniture, the follow new Furniture has been added:
#** Coffee wallpaper 
#** Naval District Cafe
#** Cafe wallpaper
#** Cafe Table Set
#'''New [[Quest]]s'''
#* A Total of 6 New Quests have been added which include
#** Upgrade the heavy ships’ fighters
#** Expansion of the anti-air equipment
#** Continue the Matsu transport operation! 
#** Sortie the newly formed 4CarDiv! 
#** Elite 21DesDiv, prepare to sortie! ※ This quest comes with special voice lines
#*** [[Action Report]]s, New Artillery Armament Materials, and a [[12cm 30 Tube Rocket Launcher Kai 2]] are obtainable through these quest.
#'''[[Seasonal/Eve_of_the_Final_Battle|Eve of the Final Battle Voice Lines]]'''
#* Several New ships have voice lines in relation to the upcoming battle at the Leyte Gulf which include [[Zuikaku]], [[Shoukaku]], [[Musashi]], [[Choukai]], [[Noshiro]] and many more...

[[Category:Game Updates]]