#[[Naval District Saury Festival|Naval District Saury Festival 2017]] has ended.
#*All CGs related to the Festival (Fishing CG, Autumn Festival Happi Coat CG, Yukata CG, and Pacific Saury CG) have also been removed from the game.
#*New CGs have been added to the Encyclopaedia.
#New Autumn Casual (Lit. "Personal") Clothing CGs have been added for the following ships:
#*[[Sendai]], [[Shiranui]], [[Akigumo]], [[Fujinami]], [[Amagiri]], [[Sagiri]], [[Souryuu]]
#**Sagiri's existing Casual Clothing CG from the Saury Festival has been updated to reflect her Halloween CG.
#Halloween and Oktoberfest CGs for [[Libeccio]] and [[Z1]] respectively have also been added back into the game.
#Late Autumn voice lines have been added for more than 30 ships.
#*Special voice lines for "The Night Before The Decisive Battle" have been added for selected ships as well.
#GUI for the Sortie and Expedition menus has been updated.
#*A new function for the Expedition menu was also added (details to follow).
#*Improvements were also made to the Fleet Formation and Resupply menus, where smoke effects from damaged ships previously caused some issues.
#The Sound options and UI have been updated with "one-click" functions.
#*It is now possible to instantly mute and/or unmute certain sound effects by clicking on each speaker button.
#Furniture Store UI has been updated.
#*Both the Furniture Store as well as the Furniture Selection menu have been updated.
#*Furniture that have attached BGMs will now display instrument fairies in the relevant menus to reflect this.
#*There are no updates to the Furniture Store's inventory in this update.
#Updates to Expeditions:
#*The [[Drum Canister]] icon in the menu has been updated.
#*A maximum of four [[Daihatsu]] / [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]] can now be viewed from the menu.
#*New expeditions have been added to the various areas in-game.
#**Three new kinds of Expeditions have been added, including:
#***兵站強化任務
#***海峡警備行動
#***(The last one was not listed)
#**These new expeditions have more specific requirements, such as ASW, AA, LoS, and more, on top of the usual expedition requirements (involving ship classes and so on).
#*A new mechanic known as "Temporary/Special Resupply" (臨時補給) has been added to the menu.
#**Under certain conditions, it is possible to use this mechanic to resupply expedition fleets directly from the Expeditions menu.
#**This does not have to be unlocked with DMM Points / cash.
#**This can be unlocked via quests and/or expeditions.
#A total of three new quests have been added to the game, including the following:
#*近海に侵入する敵潜を制圧せよ！
#*遠征「補給」支援体制を強化せよ！ 
#*As always, certain prerequisite quests may need to be cleared before these quests are unlocked.
#Updates to Aicraft Carrier Cut-Ins:
#*The proficiency of various aircraft involved in the Cut-In attack (Dive Bombers / Torpedo Bombers / Fighters / Etc.) will now be taken into account when calculating the attack success rate / critical hit rate / critical hit damage / etc.
#*When the aircraft that triggers the Cut-In is in the carrier's first slot (acting as the 隊長機編隊), the attack success rate is further affected by said aircraft's proficiency level.
#This year's Fall Event will take place next month.

[[Category:Game Updates]]