{{UpdateBar | PrevDate = August 19 | PrevYear = 2016 |NextDate = September 16 |NextYear = 2016}}
'''August 31st, 2016''' ''End of Summer Event / Autumn Festival 2016 Update''

#'''The [[Summer 2016 Event]] '''Counter Attack! Second Battle Off Malaya!''' has come to a close.'''
#'''New voice lines for [[Souryuu]] and [[Hiryuu]]'''
##Idle, Resupply and Marriage Idle lines have been replaced.
##Hourlies have been implemented for Kai forms.
##There are new Introduction for Kai Ni forms.
#'''Autumn Happi Coat Mode CG'''
#*[[Fubuki]](+ Kai Ni) and [[Asashimo]] will now be given a Happi Coat CG''
##All previous yukata CGs are returning.
#'''Autumn Yukata Mode CG'''
#*Along with the previous yukata CGs, [[Yura]], [[Akizuki]], and [[Shiratsuyu]] will also be given Yukata CGs.
#'''Summer CG and voices removed'''
##Summer CG will be stored in the Library.
#'''Autumn voice lines'''
##Several dozen new voice lines will be implemented.
##Previous voice lines will return
#'''Furniture store update'''
##Red Dragonfly Wallpaper (New)
##Naval Base's Autumn Festival Stall
##Naval Base's Autumn Festival Shooting Gallery
##Sake & Whiskey Shelf
##Liquor & Wine Shelf
##Autumn Wallpaper
##Autumn Flooring (New)
##Mid-Autumn Full Moon Carpet (New)
##Moon Gazing Window
##Monster Movie Poster
##Fairy Tale Shelf
##White Fluffy Carpet
##Paper Crane Wallpaper
##Autumn Leaf Wallpaper
##Classroom Set [Lectern] [Desk]
##Air Defense Process Window
##Hanger Rack
##Dresser
##Futon and Pillows
##Zebra Grass Window (New)
##High Class Moon Gazing Window
##Cypress Hot Spring Bath
##Sign of Autumn Window
##Saury Dining Table
###There will be new quests that give Furniture Fairies
#'''Air Recon Performance Improvement Update'''
##The animation has been improved.
##There are new models for each individual plane.
#'''New Quests'''
##Total of 6 new quests such as:
###Major Autumn Exercises
###Torpedo Squadron! Patrol the Southwestern Seas
##The LBAS will soon be implemented in some normal maps
##Some of the quests will be related to unlocking the [[LBAS|Land Based Air Squadrons (LBAS)]] based planes.
#'''New Graphics'''
##[[Sazanami|Sazanami Kai]] has received an updated CG.
##The Naval Base Bar furniture has been updated with new graphics for new kanmusu from the Summer event .
##[[Zuiun]] has new graphics.

[[Category: Game Updates]]
References:
<references/>