'''September 17th, 2020''' ''Battle of Malacca Update''

#'''New Regular Sea Map'''
#* Map 7-3 '''"Breaking Through Malacca Strait"''' has been released
#** Map will consist of two phases.
#** Part 1 will require you to use a small fleet of heavy cruisers and destroyers to take out a powerful destroyer fleet.
#** Part 2 will take you beyond the Malacca Strait. Members of the 10th Area Fleet will be the key to success in both parts.
#**You will be able to obtain ships like  [[Haguro]], [[Ashigara]], [[Takao]], [[Kuma]] and [[Kamikaze]].
#** Limited time drops such as [[Gambier Bay]], [[Luigi Torelli]], [[Pola]], [[Hirato]] and [[Fukae]] are available in the area
#***Limited time drops are subject to change regularly
#***Enemy comps are subject for update in the future.
#*** Map will also reset at the start of the month like 7-2
#'''New Quests'''
#* A Total of 6 new quests have been implemented:
#** "10th Area Fleet" Exercises!
#** Military Buildup Expedition Mission: "Basic Operation"
#** Military Buildup Expedition Mission: "Extra Operation"
#** Improving Development and Maintenance of New Armaments
#** Heavy Cruiser "Haguro", Sortie! Battle of the Malacca Strait
#** Experienced "10th Area Fleet", Sortie!
#'''New Expeditions'''
#* Two New Expeditions are now implemented:
#** Southern Sea: "Enforced Rat Transport Operation
#** Southwestern Sea: "Southwestern Sea Combat Patrols"
#*** These are Monthly Expeditions
#*** These are also Type II Combat Expeditions
#'''Furniture Update'''
#* Along with other Fall Furniture, the following Furniture has been implemented:
#**  Mid-Autumn Wall
#** Bamboo Floor
#** Autumn Carpet & Bamboo Floor
#** Costal Defense Ships' Generic Round Table has been updated with a Fall theme.
#'''Equipment Performance Update'''
#* The following changes have been made to the following equipment: 
#** [[Bomb-carrying Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model III Kai (65th Squadron)]] has increased evasion against ground AA
#** [[Ryuusei Kai (CarDiv 1/Skilled)]] has increased evasion against ground AA
#** [[Bofors 40mm Quadruple Autocannon Mount]] has increased AA
#** [[5inch Single High-angle Gun Mount Battery]] has increased AA
#'''New Improvement Items'''
#* [[New Armament Material]] have been introduced into the game.
#* This items will be used for various equipment upgrades.
#** You may be using these in combination with other material items.
#** You can obtain several of these through today's quests that have been released.
#'''Akashi Improvement Arsenal Update'''
#* Akashi can now improve the [[Zuiun (634 Air Group)]] into the [[Zuiun Model 12 (634 Air Group)]] using a [[Zuiun Model 12]] and skilled pilots among other things.
#* [[O Type Observation Autogyro Kai]], [[S-51J]] as well as the [[OS2U]] have had their upgrade dates changed.
#*[[Zuiun Model 12 (634 Air Group)]] can now be upgraded into the [[Zuiun (634 Air Group/Skilled)]] with the help of a certain ship girl.
#* [[BI-type 40mm Twin Machine Gun]] can be improved and upgraded into an improved British equipment with ★+1 
#* [[16inch Mk.V Twin Gun Mount]] can be upgraded into [[16inch Mk.VIII Twin Gun Mount Kai]] using  "New Artillery Armament Materials" and "New Armament Materials" among other things.
#* [[16inch Mk.VIII Twin Gun Mount Kai]] can be improved.
#* [[Type A Ko-hyoteki]] can be improved and upgraded into the [[Type C Kouhyouteki]]
#'''Mass equipment development load time increased'''
#* Mass equipment development (when attempting to craft 3 equipment at once) has had its load time increased
#'''Equipment Dictionary Update'''
#* The equipment index allows you to check an item's stats, artworks and fairies among other things.
#* Equipment Dictionary now includes the # of equipment you own.
#'''Ship Stat Buffs'''
#* [[Ashigara|Ashigara K2]]: increased max Firepower & max Luck
#* [[Haguro|Haguro K2]]: increased max Evasion & max Luck
#* [[Takao|Takao Kai]]: increased max Evasion & max Luck
#* [[Myouko|Myouko K2]]: increased max Firepower & LOS
#* [[Nachi|Nachi K2]]: increased LOS
#* [[Tone|Tone K2]]: increased max Luck
#* [[Ushio|Ushio K2]]: increased max Firepower, max Torpedo, max Luck
#'''New CG'''
#* [[I-47]] Eel Festival CG
#* [[Sagiri]] has Yukata CG
#'''Android Bug Fix'''
#* A bug in the Android version that caused the menu to glitch out when you selected "Other" in the ship girl list while switching equipment via drag & drop has been fixed.
#'''Warning Notice from The Dev Team'''
#* Please refrain from trying to connect to the game until we give you the green light since we can't help with any resulting issues and it might even cause maintenance delays.
#* Please refrain from trying to connect to the game if, instead of just playing the game normally, it is for the express purpose of obtaining and distributing game assets as that, including retweets of the same, is against our ToS.
[[Category:Game Updates]]