'''January 22nd, 2019''' ''Setsubun 2019 Update''

# Winter 2019 event has ended
# Setsubun Mini Event has begun
#* Collect Setsubun Beans and exchange them for rewards.
#* Setsubun Beans will expire after the mini-event ends.
#* They are obtainable from Quests.
#* Demons begone! Good fortune come in!
# Shipgirl changes
#* Nisshin has had her aircraft slots fixed, she can now carry up to 28 planes.
#* Nisshin's slots equipped with a Flying Boat will have their capacity reduced to 1.
#* Maikaze Kai and Yamakaze Kai have had their ASW increased.
#* Aquila Kai has had her Armour, Firepower, Max Luck increased.
#* Warspite Kai has had her Max Luck increased.
#* Nisshin A has had her Max Luck increased.
# Quest changes
#* New Year's questline has been disabled and will no longer be available.
# CG updates
#* "Sunday's Best" mode CGs as well as Shiratsuyu's "Casual Clothes" mode were disabled and will no longer be visible outside the library.
#* Northern Princess (Hoppo) has received a Setsubun CG.
#* Amagiri, Sagiri, Agano, Etorofu and Minegumo have received new Setsubun CGs.
# Voice lines updates
#* New Year's voice lines were disabled.
#* Setsubun voice lines for the entire Agano-class, Kirishima, Nelson, Gotland, Ise and Hiyou among others.
# Furniture changes
#* Furniture with seasonal modes have had their New Year's mode disabled
#* Five new Setsubun-themed furniture pieces.
#* Old Setsubun-themed furniture pieces were added to the shop.
#* Song order in the Jukebox has been updated.
# Quest updates
#* Four new quests
#** 【節分任務】節分演習！
#** 【節分任務】鎮守府海域 南西方面防衛作戦
#** 【節分任務】北方海域 威力偵察作戦
#** 【節分拡張任務】南方海域 艦隊決戦
# Akashi's Arsenal updates
#* Quintuple 533mm Torpedo Launcher Mount is now upgradable.
# Equipment changes
#* 130mm B-13 Twin Gun Turret Mount, 533mm Triple Torpedo Launcher Mount, Type 3 Active Aonar, Type 13 Air Radar Kai have received fit bonuses on certain Shipgirls
# Map changes
#* Late nodes of maps numbered 2-4, 7-2, 5-3, 5-5, 6-4 has had their experience gains increased.
#* Enemy compositions in 7-2 has been slightly upgraded. 
#* Enemy Compositions in 5-3 and 5-5 containing the [[Southern War Princess]] have been slightly weakened to compensate her buff.
# Android changes
#* Fixed bugs related to Akashi's Arsenal

[[Category: Game Updates]]