'''February 7th 2020''' ''Shikinami Kai 2 / Valentine's Day 2020 Update''

#'''Setsubun Event Ends'''
#*'''All Bean Quests and Rewards have been removed
#'''Setsubun Voice Lines and CGs Removed'''
#* All CG and Voicelines are no longer avalaible.
#* However you can view CGs from the Asset Gallery
#'''Furniture Update'''
#*Along with Valentine's Day Furniture the following new items have been implemented for purchase at the Furniture Store:
#**Valentine's Day Wall Decoration 
#**Ship Girls' Valentine's Day Desk 
#** Ship Girls' Homemade Chocolate
#* Furniture with obscene price tags can be obtained at a discount by using a furniture fairy!
#'''BGM update'''
#*Some maps along with the Jukebox now play the various BGM music.
#* Juke box now includes the BGM "Traveling to Truk" as a selectable homeport BGM.
#'''New Expeditions'''
#* 3 New Expeditions have been implemented which include the following:
#* South-Western Sea Expedition "Bauxite Convoy Escort"
#* Western Sea Expedition "Western Sea Reconnaissance Operation"
#* Western Sea Expedition "Western Submarine Operation" (Monthly Combat Expedition)
#'''Combat Buff to various Kanmusu'''
#* The Following Kanmusu have been given the following buffs:
#**[[Hiryuu|Hiryuu K2]]: Max Evasion
#**[[Souryuu|Souryuu K2]]: Max Firepower
#**[[Hyuuga|Hyuuga K2]]: Max Firepower, ASW
#**[[Chitose|Chitose A]]: Max Firepower, Torpedo, AA
#**[[Chiyoda|Chiyoda A]]: Max Firepower, Torpedo, AA
#**[[Kiso|Kiso K2]]: Max Firepower, Torpedo, Evasion
#**[[Tama|Tama K2]]: Max Firepower, ASW
#**[[Fumizuki|Fumizuki K2]]: Max Firepower
#**[[Ushio|Ushio K2]]: Max Luck, Armour, Firepower, AA
#'''Akashi's Improvement Arsenal Update'''
#* Akashi can now improve the following Equipment in her arsenal:
#*[[Type 1 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell]] can be upgraded to [[Type 1 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell Kai]]
#*[[Type 1 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell Kai]] can be further improved with the help of a certain ship girl.
#*[[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-B Kai 4 (Wartime Modifications) + Anti-Aircraft Fire Director]] can now be improved with a certain ship girl.
#''' Yearly Quest Implementation'''
#* There will now be missions that can be completed once a year
#* The Current Yearly Quests are set as "February Yearly Quest" which will last until the end January of next year.
#'''New Quests'''
#* The follow new quests have been implemented:
#** Elite "DesDiv 19", In the Spotlight!
#** Establishing the Special Escort Convoy Headquarters!
#** "DesDiv 19" Exercises!
#** "Coastal Defence Ships", Protecting the Sea!
#'''Shikinami Kai Ni'''
#* [[Shikinami]] has now been given a Kai Ni Remodel.
#* Requirements: Level 80, No Blueprints, 20 Development Materials are required.
# '''Fitting Bonuses for Shikinami'''
#* Like [[Ayanami]], [[Shikinami]] gets bonuses when armed with the following equipment in her Kai Ni remodel:
# [[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-B Kai 2]]
#* [[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-B Kai 4 (Wartime Modifications) + Anti-Aircraft Fire Director]]
#* [[61cm Triple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount Late Model]]
#* These can provide additional bonuses in relation to equipping a radar.
#'''Performance update'''
#* RAM usage has been improved.
#* Game Performance has been adjusted when playing the game in a browser that has hardware acceleration disabled.
#'''Improvement of UI update'''
#* Ship list can now be organized based upon "dry dock repair times"
# '''Valentine's DaY CG and Voice lines'''
#* [[Akishimo]], [[Hayanami]], [[Grecale]] and [[Fukae]] have been given Valentine's Day CGs.
#* Valentine's Voice Lines have returned along with new ones including [[Hirato]], [[Hachijou]], [[Ishigaki]], [[Colorado]], [[Saratoga]], [[Houston]],[[Atlanta]], [[Fletcher]], [[De Ruyter]], [[Perth]], [[Janus]], [[Abruzzi]], [[Garibaldi]], [[Grecale]], [[Ooyodo]], [[Shinshuu Maru]], [[Isuzu]], [[Nagara]], [[Akishimo]] and [[Mikura]]!
#'''Equipment Crafting update'''
#* New Equipment has been added to the Development Pool:
#** Using a DD or CL can help crafting [[Type 95 Depth Charge]]
#** Using a CA or BB can help crafting [[20.3cm(no.2) Twin Gun Mount]]
#** Using a CV can help crafting [[12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher]]
#** Using an Aviantion Battleship that's a part of Carrier Division 4 can help crafting [[Zuiun (631 Air Group)]]
[[Category:Game Updates]]