'''August 20th, 2021''' ''Summer 2021 Event Update''
# '''Reinforcement Transport Operation! Battle of the Mediterranean Event Commences'''
# '''(Main Operation) E-1: Operation MA3'''
#* Mission Area: Alexandria / Crete
#* The following fleets will be deployed in E-1:
#** 1st Special Squadron
#** Mediterranean Fleet
#* Also, one squadron of the land-based air force can be deployed to the area.
#* In this map, [[Warspite]], [[Janus]], [[Duca degli Abruzzi]], [[Maestrale]], [[Libeccio]], [[Scirocco]], [[Souya]], and several Etorofu-class coastal defense ships can be obtained.
#* Also, the new Jingei-class submarine tender, [[Chougei]], can be acquired here.
# '''New Event Exclusive Quests'''
#* E-1 Mission A: [Mediterranean Special Fleet] Special Mission Fleet, Tactical Force Formation
#* E-1 Mission B: [Mediterranean Mission] Strike the enemy forces deploy within the Mediterranean!
# '''Striking Force Fleet Formation Returns'''
#* The formation, which allows 7 ships to sortie in Fleet 3, can be unlocked by completing an event exclusive quest.
# '''Fleet presets UI Expansion'''
#* The fleet preset UI and database has been updated to save and load Striking Force setups with 7 ships. There is also an option to only load the first 6 ships of a Striking Force preset.
# '''Implementation of Ship Event Tag Filters'''
#* The fleet composition menu has been updated to display the ship event tags.
#* The following UI elements have been added to the ship list header:
#** Grey [All Ships] regular list
#** Orange [Operation Participants] displays only tagged ships
#** Green [On Standby] displays only untagged ships
# '''Kongou-class Night Battle Special Attack Update'''
#* The special attack can now also activate on Line Ahead in a single fleet and on Cruising Formation 2 in a combined fleet. 

'''August 22nd, 2021''' ''Summer 2021 Event E-2 Update''
# '''(Main Operation) E-2: Battle off Cape Calabria'''
#* Mission Area: Mediterranean Sea / Coast off Malta / Thyrrhenian Sea
#* The following fleets will be deployed in E-2:
#** 2nd Special Squadron
#** Force H
#* Also, two squadrons of the land-based air force can be deployed to the area.
#* The land air base can be relocated closer to the front line later in the map.
#* In this map, [[Warspite]], [[Janus]], [[Ark Royal]], [[Jervis]], [[Sheffield]], [[Aquila]], [[Littorio]], [[Roma]], [[Zara]], [[Pola]], [[U-511]], [[Richelieu]], [[Nelson]], and Shimushu-class coastal defense ships can be obtained. It is possible to obtain a 2nd Nelson on Medium/Hard difficulty.
#* And the new battleship, [[Conte di Cavour]], will be rewarded for clearing the map.

'''August 31st, 2021''' ''Summer 2021 Event Extra Operation Update''
# '''(Extra Operation) E-3: Reinforcement Transport! Operation Pedestal'''
#* The following fleets will be deployed in E-3:
#** Force H
#** Force X
#** Force Z
#** 10th Submarine Fleet
#* All squadrons of the land-based air force can be deployed to the area.
#* In this map, [[Graf Zeppelin]], [[Prinz Eugen]], [[Z1]], [[Z3]], [[Shinyou]], [[Ark Royal]], [[Jervis]], [[Zara]], [[Pola]], [[Giuseppe Garibaldi]], [[Luigi Torelli]], [[Washington]], [[Suzunami]], [[Maruyu]], and [[Kaiboukan No.4]] can be obtained.
#* The new Type D class coastal defense ship, [[Kaiboukan No.30]], can be obtained here.
#* And the new Illustrious-class aircraft carrier, [[Victorious]], will be rewarded for clearing the map.
# '''Warspite Stat Update'''
#* Normally only fast battleships, specific slow battleships, and those whose speed has been boosted to at least Fast+ can be deployed in the escort fleet of a Combined Fleet. But [[Warspite Kai]] will now only require Fast speed.
# '''New Event Exclusive Quests'''
#* 10th Submarine Squadron Operation
#** Only available on Easy/Medium/Hard difficulty.
#* North Africa Operation
#** Rewards a Daihatsu Landing Craft (Panzer II/North African Specification)
#** Only available on Medium/Hard difficulty.

[[Category: Game Updates]]