'''December 7th, 2018''' ''Christmas Update''

# CG updates
#* The Saury Festival has ended and so the Saury Festival CGs have been disabled.
#* Christmas CGs have been implemented.
#* New Christmas CGs for Hamanami, Kishinami, Matsuwa, Gotland and Zuikaku, as well as slight hair colour changes to Shoukaku's Christmas CG.
#* Akigumo's Comiket CG has been updated.
# Voice Lines updates
#* The Saury Festival has ended and so the Saury Festival voice lines have been disabled.
#* Christmas voice lines have been implemented.
#* Kitakami, Ooi, Nelson, Gotland, Samuel B. Roberts, Fukae, Kishinami, Hamanami and few others have received new limited-time Christmas voice lines.
# Map changes
#* Sado and Matsuwa have become limited-time drops in 7-2.
# Furniture changes
#* New and returning Christmas-themed furniture can now be acquired at the in-game furniture shop.
# New quests
#* 戦闘機隊戦力の拡充 new! (Expansion of Aircraft Carrier Forces)
#* 基地航空隊戦力の拡充 new! (Expansion of Land Base Air Squadron)
#* 冬季大演習(※秋季大演習から更新です) (Winter Large Scale Manoeuvers - replacing the Autumn version of the quest)
#* 空母戦力の投入による兵站線戦闘哨戒 new! (Utilize the supply line logistic of your Carrier Force!)
#* 冬季北方海域作戦 new! (Winter Northern Waters Operation)
# Shipgirl changes
#* Akagi, Kaga and Souryuu have received Firepower and maximum Luck buffs.
#* Hiryuu has received Firepower, Evasion and max Luck buffs.
#* Tone Kai Ni and Chikuma Kai Ni have received AA and max Luck buffs.
#* Nagato's special attack "Full broadside... Sounds exciting!" has received a synergy bonus with Type 91 Armour-piercing Shells.
# Akashi Arsenal changes
#* Type 3 Hien LBAS fighter can now be improved and upgraded to Type 3 Hien Model 1D.
#* Spitfire Mk.I LBAS fighter can now be improved and upgraded to Spitfire Mk.V
# UI Changes
#* Equips currently in use by a Shipgirl will now be visible in Akashi Arsenal's equipment list. They can also be removed from the Shipgirl from there.
#* When selecting nodes for LBAS, they will now be marked as in-range or out-of-range.
#* When equipping LBAS with aircraft, the filters and paging will not reset upon equipment of a plane.
# BGM changes
#* Additional Jukebox pieces are now available:
#** 「聖夜の母港」- Holy Night in the Homeport
#** 「冬の艦隊」 - Winter Fleet
#** 「粉雪の降る夜」 - Snowfall at Night
#** 「師走の鎮守府」- Naval Base in December

[[Category: Game Updates]]