'''August 8th, 2019''' ''Summer Interface overhaul update''

# '''Shipgirl changes'''
#* Yukata Mode for Furutaka, Shikinami, Ayanami, Fujinami, Asashimo, Mutsu, Kamoi, Yura, Jintsuu Kai Ni has been implemented.
#* Shaved Ice Mode has been implemented for Etorofu, Matsuwa, Commandant Teste, Gambier Bay.
#* Swimsuit Mode for USS Johnston has been implemented.
#** Johnston will also be avalaible as a drop in the upcoming event.
#* Nice Summer Lady Mode has been implemented for Yukikaze as part of "Mysterious Land of 1YB3H" real life event (KanColle circus).
#* Amphibious Assault Ship (Akitsu Maru) has had their ASW capabilities improved.
#** She can now equip Depth Charges and Depth Charge Projectors.
#** She is now capable of ASW attacks when equipped with an aircraft with ASW stat.
#** She shows additional proficiency when using equipment which can also be used to attack ground targets.
# '''System changes'''
#* Maximum ship slots number has been increased by 10.
#* Maximum equipment slots number has been increased by 40.
#* Maximum number of fleet presets has been increased by 2, now totaling 15.
# '''Equipment changes'''
#* New ASW/Anti-installation equipment has been implemented in form of [[Shipborne Model Type 4 20cm Anti-ground Rocket Launcher]], [[Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai (Concentrated Deployment)]] and [[Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai]].
#** Available from the new quests as well as Akashi's Arsenal.
#* Fixed the bug which caused [[Type 96 Fighter Kai]] to display enormous anti-submarine capabilities.
#* [[Type 96 Fighter]] as well as [[Type 96 Fighter Kai]] will now demonstrate higher potential when used on Light Carriers, especially those focused on escort missions.
# '''Akashi's Arsenal changes'''
#* It is now possible to improve and upgrade [[Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai]].
#** Requires assistance from an Amphibious Assault Ship, a Seaplane Tender who did her best transporting army equipment or a Destroyer who shone against enemy submarines.
#** Can be turned into [[Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai (Concentrated Deployment)]].
#* It is now possible to improve [[5inch Naval Gun Mk.30 Kai]].
#** Requires assistance of a destroyer who received a fresh new summer look.
# '''Quest changes'''
#* Five new quests:
#** 輸送船団演習 
#** 陸戦用装備の艦載運用研究
#** 陸戦用装備の艦載運用実戦研究 
#** 戦果拡張任務！「Z作戦」後段作戦
#** 南西諸島方面「海上警備行動」発令！
# '''Furniture changes'''
#* Return of the following furniture:
#** 鎮守府浜茶屋
#** 浜茶屋の仮設壁板
#** 浜茶屋の床
#** 浜茶屋の窓
#** 花火の窓
#** 業務用かき氷器
# '''UI changes'''
#* Shipgirl and Equipment glossaries have been separated.
#* Improvements to the Expedition screen.
#* Fixed Replenishment screen bug which caused the replenishment to be cancelled if mouse cursor left the button.
#* Secretary Ship's position on the screen can now be slightly altered. 
#** Click on the left side of the screen.
#** It is an experimental feature.

[[Category: Game Updates]]