{{UpdateBar | PrevDate = November 18 | PrevYear = 2016 | NextDate = | NextYear = }}
'''December 9th, 2016''' ''End of Event/ Chirstmas Update''

#'''End of [[Fall 2016 Event]]'''
#*[[Fall 2016 Event]] will come to an end.
#'''Autumn Wine Voices and Late Autumn Voices Removed'''
#*All voices and CG from the fall have been removed, less [[Pola]]
#'''Christmas Mode Voice Lines'''
#*All Chirstmas Voice lines + 20 new ones have been implemented 
#'''Christmas Mode CG'''
#*[[Kuma]], [[Maruyu]], [[Tone]], [[Akashi]](and Akashi Kai) and [[Commandant Teste]] have received Christmas related CG art.
#**Akashi's art will not change in the Improvement Arsenal
#'''[[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] Update'''
#*[[F4F-3]] and [[F4F-4]] can now be improved with Akashi with [[Saratoga]] as the assisting ship
#**It will be possible to further improve the [[F4F-4]] and upgrade it in the future.
#*[[Prototype Keiun]] can also be modified through [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]
#**A Ne-Type Engine is needed to further improve them into jet planes
#'''New Technical Items'''
#*The Ne-Type Engine and the New Aircraft Plans have been implemented in-game.
#*These items will require you to complete a long series of [[quest]]s in order obtain them. They can only be obtained through the game and ''cannot'' be purchased.
#'''New BGMs'''
#*New Song - '''The Jet Engine Comes To Life'''
#**Plays under specific conditions in [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]
#*'''Christmas 2016 Naval Base BGM'''
#**See list of furniture that includes this BGM below.
#*BGMs should also be available on-demand via the Jukebox.
#'''Furniture Changes'''
#*Hot Spring Bath and Cypress Bath have now entered Winter Mode.
#'''Furniture Update'''
#*New and old Furniture have been (re-)implemented into the game, and can be obtained via furniture coins:
#** Naval Office's Tree 
#**Snowy field Floor
#**Z flag Fireplace
#**White and blue tree
#** Winter carpet '''New!'''
#**Winter stained glass window (Christmas 2016 Naval Base BGM included!)
#**White winter wallpaper 
#**Fine Wood Wall 
#**Simple Japanese Wallpaper
#** Ship Girl's Winter window  
#**Modern art winter wallpaper 
#**Dragon wallpaper
#** Destroyer daughter's tree 
#**Special made snow patterned carpet '''New!''' (Christmas 2016 Naval Base BGM included!)
#**Kotatsu Taken out Too Early 
#**Manuscript Desk
#**Frosted glass window
#**Winter decoration 
#** Northern camouflage Chested drawers
#** Tricolor tree '''New!''' (Christmas 2016 Naval Base BGM included!)
#*As always, some furniture may require furniture fairies in order to be purchased.
#'''New [[Quest]]s'''
#*A Large number of quests have been introduced this update, including some standard quests and a long quest chain:
#** Produce Custom-Made Furniture
#** Heavy Cruiser Squadron, Weigh Anchor!
#**Battleship Squadron, Sortie!
#**Winter Practice
#**Modernization Improvement of Aviation Equipment
#**Obtain Aviation Engineering from Submarine Dispatch Operation
#**Obtain Jet Engine Technology from Submarine Dispatch Operation
#**Develop the New Reconnaissance Plane
#**Increase Production of Ne-Type Engine
#**Develop the Jet Fighter-Bomber
#'''Jet Planes And their uses'''
#*The Jet planes [[Kikka Kai]] and [[Jet Keiun Kai]] are now implemented in the game.
#**Jet Planes can be used by Land Based Air Squadrons and various special carriers (CVBs).
#**Jet planes will consume Steel when used.
#**Jet Planes will participate in a Raid Phase which will occur ''before'' the initial Air Attack Phase. They will take out any enemy jet planes during this phase, and are subjected to anti-air attacks when attacking enemy ships.
#**The Surviving Jets from this phase will then be able to take part in the following Air Attack Phase to attack enemy ships.
#'''Naval Base Bar Counter Mode Settings'''
#*The following new features have been implemented for the Naval Base Bar Counter:
#**American steak mode
#**Turkey sandwich mode
#**The French wine mode
#**La cuisine française mode
#'''KanColle Android Registration'''
#*New players will soon be able register and play KanColle via Android
#'''Improved Servers'''
#*Shortland and Rabaul server have been improved.
#'''Akebono Kai Art'''
#*New CG art has been implemented for [[Akebono#Upgrade|Akebono Kai]]
#'''Anti-Bot Countermeasures'''
#*Ant-Bot countermeasures have been improved.
[[Category:Game Updates]]