{{UpdateBar|PrevDate = October 5 | PrevYear = 2016 | NextDate = November 4 | NextYear = 2016}}
'''October 21st, 2016''' ''Saury Festival 2016 Update''
#Limited seasonal Shopping Mode CGs have been added for [[Kongou]], [[Yamashiro]], and [[Amagi]].
#Limited seasonal Udon Mode seasonal CG has been added for [[Yuudachi#Second Remodel|Yuudachi Kai Ni]]; Fishing Mode CGs have been added for the same ships as last year.
#*[[Akebono]] has received an update to her Fishing Mode CG.
#Limited seasonal "The Taste of Autumn" Mode CGs, Halloween CGs, and Oktoberfest CGs have been added for the same ships as last year.
#*[[Roma]] has received an update to her Halloween CG.
#Saury Mode CGs 1/2: The [[Naval District Saury Festival]] returns this year!
#*Last year's [[Isokaze]] CG will be reused.
#*New CGs have been added for [[Tama]], [[Yuugumo]], and [[Shigure#Second upgrade|Shigure Kai Ni]].
#Saury Mode CGs 2/2: New CGs have been added for [[Taigei]], [[Ryuuhou]], [[Akitsumaru]], [[Zara]], and [[Fusou]].
#Expansion of fleet preset slots
#*The maximum number of fleet preset slots has been increased to 9. If you require more preset slots, please consider purchasing them!
#A large number of ships have received new voice lines regarding Saury Mode and "The Taste of Autumn" mode.
#The [[Naval District Saury Festival]] 2016 has begun!
#*Multiple fishing zones have been added to various zones in-game.
#*By deploying to these zones, you have a chance to collect fresh Saury!
#*※[[Naval District Saury Festival]] 2016 Tips will be added shortly.
#Update to Battle BGMs & the addition of new BGMs
#*New Battle BGMs have been added to certain nodes/maps.
#**These include boss nodes on various maps.
#*Also, new BGMs have been added to the game (accessible on-demand from the [[Jukebox]]):
#**Naval District Saury Festival Kai
#**Kanmusu Odon ※Advance Release Edition
[[Category:Game Updates]]