1) Three new foreign ships
*Destroyer [[Z1]] (Leberecht Maass) - Obtainable by repeating expedition 30 and 31
*Destroyer [[Z3]] (Max Schultz) - Obtainable through Normal Const. after unlocking Z1 <ref name="one">Several more requirement seems needed to unlock this ship, however, what are they still haven't been confirmed yet.</ref>
*Battleship [[Bismarck]] - Obtainable through Large Const. after unlocking Z1 <ref name="one"/> <ref>Comes with capability equal to Battleship Kai level. Further remodel is possible</ref>

2) New maps: <ref>Map is accessible without need to wait the game progress once the world is unlocked. However, the boss node is only accessible once  the all 4 maps in that world is already cleared.</ref> <ref>Both Extra Operation maps difficulty and fleet composition is based on how far you've played and the fleet composition you're sending.</ref> <ref>These two new maps seem to be a permanent addition and will have its progress reset monthly. Completely defeating the boss will grant a collectible medals to be traded with various resources. Defeating the boss will also grant lot of admiral EXP. First time win each month will also give bonus points for the rank.</ref>
*World 1, [[World 1#1-5|Map 1-5]] Extra Operations: Anti-Submarine Patrol (5 stars difficulty)
*World 5, [[World 5#5-5|Map 5-5]] Extra Operations: Second Salmon Sea Area (11 stars difficulty)

3) Three new expedition (grant lot of experience upon clearing):
*Expedition 23 - Aviation Battle Exercise
*Expedition 31 - Contact with Foreign Ship
*Expedition 38 - Tokyo Express 2

4) Seven new equipments:
*[[Zuiun (634 Air Group)]]
*[[Zuiun Model 12]]
*[[Type 97 Torpedo Bomber (931 Air Group)]]
*[[Tenzan (931 Air Group)]]
*[[12.7cm Naval Gun]] <ref>Stock equipment for Destroyer Z1 and Z3</ref>
*[[15cm Twin Gun Mount]] <ref name="seven">Stock equipment for Battleship Bismarck</ref>
*[[38cm Twin Gun Mount]] <ref name="seven"/>

5) Six new [[quests]]:
*Four one-time quests: Expedition Quest D8, D9, D10 and D12
*Two daily/weekly quests: Expedition Quest D11 and Development Quest F12.

6) Several new enemy classes:
*Destroyer I-class Flagship rank
*Torpedo Cruiser Chi-class Flagship rank
*Light Aircraft Carrier Nu-class Flagship rank
*Standard Aircraft Carrier Wo-class Flagship Kai rank
*Battleship Re-class
*Battleship Re-class Elite rank

7) Limited White Day cookies, consisting of Mamiya Food Supply and resources. Sold in shop for 500 yen.

8) Difficulty adjustment for [[World 5#5-4|World 5-4]], including new enemy patterns, improved ASW capabilities.

9) Bug fixes for several problems: Marriage animation, Bucket consumption, other minor UI issues

10) Hulls (for medium and large ships) receive more armor buffs.

11) [[Type 0 Observation Seaplane]] is now obtainable through [[development]].
 
===Notes===
<references/>

[[Category:Game Updates]]