'''December 11th 2017''' ''End of Fall 2017 Event Update''


#'''The [[Fall 2017 Event]] is over.'''
#*Those admirals who cleared E4 will receive the Strait Medal for memorial. 
#**The Medal doesn't have any special effect or usage. It will show in the statistic page and on some of the desk furniture.
#A special furniture '''The scroll of 1YB, Third Section''' is available for all admirals.
#Surigao Strait mode CG of [[Mogami]], [[Shigure|Shigure kai ni]], [[Michishio|Michishio kai ni]], [[Asagumo]] and [[Yamagumo]] is over. 
#*All Surigao Strait Images are saved in the Dictionary
#*Asagumo and Yamagumo still wear their winter outfits.
#'''The BGM in some maps are renewed'''
#* Some maps now play Christmas themes
#'''New homeport BGM "Pray"''''
#* Will play if you purchase specific Funiture
#'''[[Tama|Tama Kai Ni]]'''
#* Tama now has a new remodel which requires her to be level 70 and requires a blueprint.
#* Tama can now equip [[Daihatsu]] + Tanks, [[Zuiun]], Seaplane Fighters, Gyrocopters, [[SCAMP]], and Night Aviation Personnel in her new remodel.
#* Tama as well as Kiso can also equip Medium size armor bulges. 
# New Christmas CGs: [[Nagatsuki]], [[Libeccio]], [[Sado]], [[Kinugasa]] + Kai Ni, [[Kamoi]], [[Sagiri]](mildly changed version), [[Shoukaku]]
#[[Akigumo]] now enters Shuraba mode.
# Christmas seasonal lines including about 20 new ships such as Shimushu and Etorofu
# '''CL fit guns changes''' 
#* The accuracy of 14cm class, 15.2cm class and 12.7HA(Late model) buff a little. The accuracy of Agano class with 15.2cm class also buff a little.
# [[Commandant Teste]] + Kai, [[Kamoi|Kamoi kai bo]] now can equip part of the medium caliber main guns. However, their accuracy would become significantly low when equipping a gun above a 14cm type gun.
# '''UI renew: Mass equipment scrapping option'''
#* You can now choose to directly remove the equipment on the ships when we scrap them.
#'''Akashi Improvement Arsenal Update'''
#*With certain girls' assistance, now T1 fighter Hayabusa model II and T1 fighter Hayabusa model IIIA can be improved.
#*With certain girls' assistance, now Shiden Model 11 can be improved.
# '''LBAS ASW Patrol Update'''
#* The aircraft that can perform LBAS ASW patrolling attack are enhanced. Now the seaplane recons with +7 or more ASW stat can also perform LBAS ASW patrolling attack.
# The [[Vanguard Formation]] and the [[Striking Force Fleet]] now become unavailable. They will return in the [[Winter 2018 Event]].
# '''New quests'''
#*5 New Quests and the winter PVP quests are implemented.
# '''Furniture Update''' 
#* New Furniture includes: 
#**雪ペイントの床板 
#**クリスマスのマット 
#** 煉瓦作りのクリスマス壁
#**冬のグレーな壁板
#**白雪の壁紙
#**多摩の迷彩ブラインド窓
#**木製の高級ブラインド窓 
#'''Christmas Seasonal Furniture'''
#*温泉檜風呂, 温泉岩風呂 and 提督の麻雀卓 these three furniture now has a little seasonal arrangement. Some food on 鎮守府カウンタバー now becomes Christmas mode.
# '''Quest and Event Lines of Operation Sho-Gou 1'''
#*Now the special quest lines and event lines can be replayed in the library.
# Moonlit Sea (Suzutsuki ver.) now can be played in the jukebox.

[[Category:Game Updates]]