'''December 31, 2020''' ''Friend Fleet & New Year's Update''
#'''New Year's Voice Lines'''
#* Christmas voice lines have been removed.
#* In addition to previous New Year's voice lines, new ones have been added for: [[Mutsuki]], [[Ariake]], [[Akishimo]], [[Matsu]], [[Sendai]], [[Kinugasa]], [[Hornet]], [[South Dakota]], [[Houston]], [[Atlanta]], [[Perth]], [[Johnston]], [[Hirato]], [[Yashiro]], [[Kaiboukan No.4]] and many more.
#'''New Furniture'''
#* A certain "Year of the Ox" furniture present will be given out to everyone who reconnects to the game in the new year.
#* New and previous New Year furniture have been added to the furniture store.
#'''Furniture CG Update'''
#* Special food related furniture have been updated with New Year soba/soup CGs.
#'''Limited Time New Year's Quests'''
#* Four new limited time quests have been added.
#** Happy New Year! Reiwa 3 "Maritime Escort Fleet", Weigh Anchors!
#** Happy New Year! "Heavy Cruiser Squadron", to the Nansei Islands!
#** Happy New Year! Auxiliary Fleet, to the Arctic Ocean of a New Year!
#** New Year Task Force [Extra Operation] First Fleet, Sortie!
#*** This quest will reward the "New Year Wall Scroll in anticipation of the 8th Anniversary" and a choice between valuable items or equipment for new and old admirals alike.
#* All New Year's quests will end with the event's end.
#'''New Year Haregi CGs'''
#* All Spring Cleaning CGs have been removed except for Akebono's and all previous Haregi CGs have returned.
#* CGs for [[Hiei|Hiei Kai Ni C]], [[Ryuuhou]], [[Ryuuhou|Ryuuhou Kai]] and [[Sendai|Sendai Kai Ni]] have received small updates.
#* New CGs have been added for: [[Kinugasa]], [[Houston]], [[Shinyou]], [[Gambier Bay]], and [[Mutsuki]].
#'''Friend Fleet Update'''
#* The Friend Fleet's main force will now provide support for phase 2 and the final phase of E-4.
#* Existing Friend Fleets for E-4 final phase will receive a massive luck boost.
[[Category:Game Updates]]