'''April 22nd, 2019''' ''Kongou Kai 2 C Update''

# '''Shipgirl changes'''
#* Kongou-class nameship, Kongou has received a new remodel - Kongou Kai Ni C.
#** It's a what-if remodel.
#** One of the turrets was replaced with torpedo launchers to support cruiser and destroyer formation in close-quarter combat.
#** She can now equip Zuiuns.
#** She can now equip anti-installation equipment.
#** Requires an action report, two blueprints, two New Type Artillery Materials and 600 development materials.
#** She also received new voice lines and a special remodel animation.
#* 6th Anniversary Gratitude voice lines were implemented.
#* Zuiun Parade voice lines were implemented.
#* Etorofu has received a time-limited Zuiun CG.
#* Mizuho and Kamoi can now be used to increase the maximum HP of Mizuho and Kamoi.
#* Kamoi can also be used to increase the maximum HP of Agano-class light cruisers and Yamato-class battleships.
#** You will want multiple copies of those AVs for each HP modernization attempt.
#** HP modernization has a limit.
# '''Akashi changes'''
#* You can now upgrade Prototype 35.6 cm Triple Gun Mount to the new 35.6 cm Twin Gun Mount Kai with the help of certain Kongou-class battleship.
#* Kongou Kai Ni C can also be used to improve 35.6 cm Twin Gun Mount Kai.
# '''Quest changes'''
#* 6th Anniversary time-limited quests were added.
#* [GW-only] 6th Anniversary Sortie Mission
#** You'll obtain the "6th Anniversary" Wall Scroll" upon clearing this mission!
#** The anniversary wall scroll comes with a portrait gimmick!
#* [GW-only] 6th Anniversary Sortie Mission -Extra Operation-
#** The reward choices include a blueprint!
#* 6th Anniversary Exercise
#* Heavily Fefurbished Fast Fattleship "Kongō K2C", Head to the South!
#** Clearing this mission will reward you with the strongest version of the 35.6cm Twin Gun Mount.
#* Fleet Headquarters Improvements [Preparation Phase]
#* Fleet Headquarters Improvements [Implementation Phase]
# '''Map changes'''
#* Mizuho, Kamoi and Akitsushima will drop in World 1, World 2 and World 3 respectively.
#** Time-limited.
#* Commandant Teste will drop in World 3 and World 4.
#** Time-limited.
#* Light aviation cruiser Gotland will drop in World 4.
#** Time-limited.
# '''Furniture changes'''
#* Spring Gardening Window (new!)
#* "Yokosuka Naval Base" Wall Scroll
#* "Sasebo Naval Base" Wall Scroll
#* Green Fluffy Carpet (new!)
#* Creen Fluffy Wallboard (new!)
#* Bright Red High-Quality Carpet
#* "Zuiun Soul" Wall Scroll
#* "Zuiun" Paulownia Cabinet
#* Stained Glass with Flower Decoration (new!)
#* Satsuki's Seasonal Tea Set (new!)
#* Kongō's Black Tea Set
#* Secretary/Admiral Desk
#* Secretary/Admiral Desk, Model 2 (new!)
# '''Miscellaneous changes'''
#* Increased Port Expansion Limit from 400 to 410 slots.
#* Increased Equipment Slot Expansion limit from 1720 to 1760.
#* The maximum number of active quests has been increased from 6 to 7.
#** Fleet Headquarters Improvements [Preparation Phase] and Fleet Headquarters Improvements [Implementation Phase] quests are required.
#* Zuiun Multi-Angle Attack of Ise Kai Ni and Hyuuga Kai Ni had its animation slightly updated.
#* You can now see the slot size when equipping helicopters.
#* Fixed S-51J and S-51J Kai display bug on Android.
#* '''Aircraft Proficiency will no longer be lost in PvP.'''

[[Category:Game Updates]]