'''August 15th-17th, 2018''' ''The HTML 5 Block 1 Update''

'''Notice:''' The upcoming maintenance will be a '''large scale maintenance''' that will start from '''August 15th, 2018 at 11:55 JST''' and last until '''August 17th, 2018 18:00 JST.'''

The following contents are planned to be implemented with this huge update:

#'''Full Data Base Transfer to HTML 5'''
#* All Kanmusu, equipment, plane expertise, equipment modifications, purchased items and so forth are to be transferred into the new HTML 5 format.
# '''Server Transfer for the Remaining 12 Servers'''
#* All remaining servers that did not were not part of the transfer from last update will be transferred over the duration of this update.
#'''All Kanmusu and other graphical assests will be featured in high resolution graphics'''
#* The Resolution display will be increase in its overall size by 50% making it 720x1200
#'''HTML 5 content'''
#* The following known additional content has been noted from the devs regarding the upcoming update:
#** HTML 5 update will be compatible with both PC and MAC based computers
#** Kanmusu data arrangement is also planned to be revised for this update
#** Other new features may be introduced as it has been noted that each block will introduce a new feature to the game.
# '''Server transfers are now complete.'''
# '''World 7 has finally been discovered and the Shipgirls are ready for its sacred conquest.'''
# '''Map changes'''
#* All maps except World 6, 1-6 and 3-5 were reworked.
#* Routing rules and enemy compositions are subject to further changes.
#* In addition to this, all maps from X-2 and upwards will be reset and will require you to replay them again.
# '''Shipgirls'''
#* Suzutsuki has received a swimsuit CG to commemorate the beginning of Phase 2.
#* Max level increased to 175.
# '''Equipment'''
#* All the equipment was transferred.
#** This includes Akashi improvements, aircraft proficiency etc.
#* CGs, names and bonuses of various equipment pieces were updated.
#* The amount of default equipment slot has been increased by 20.
#** This change applies to both new and existing players.
#* 12.7cm Twin Turret Mount has been implemented.
#** It can be obtained from Fubuki-class destroyers.
#** Not particularly strong.
# '''HQ experience changes'''
#* Players who have reached the experience cap will now be able to keep earning experience.
#* This will allow people with capped HQ experience to keep ranking.
# '''The starting screen voice lines were updated.'''
# '''UI changes'''
#* Players can now select UI skins for the Home Port screen.
#* There are three skins available.
#* Third one has some English elements.
#* Number of possessed equipment will now be visible.
#* They can be changed with the [OPTIONS] button in the lower right corner of the screen.
#* Shipgirl sorting options were enhanced and updated.
#* Players will now be able to display hull codes in the ship list instead of full Japanese names.

[[Category:Game Updates]]