''September 12th, 2017 Update''<br>
#End of [[Summer 2017 Event]].
#Summer Voice Lines and Swimsuit CGs have been removed from the game.
#*Naganami's Fried Rice CG has also been removed from the game.
#Zuiun Festival CGs have been removed from the game.
#Yukata CGs have been added to the game, including CGs for [[Libeccio]] and [[Kamoi]].
#*[[Yura|Yura K2]] has also received a new Yukata CG.
#*[[Matsuwa]] and [[Etorofu]] have also received Yukata CGs.
#[[Isokaze]] has received her Saury CG a little earlier this year.
#Autumn voice lines have been added to the game, including new voice lines for [[Asakaze]], [[Matsukaze]], [[Hatakaze]], [[Amagiri]], [[Sagiri]], [[Ark Royal]], and [[Richelieu]].
#New/Returning furniture:
#*鎮守府秋祭りの屋台
#*鎮守府秋祭りの射的
#*長月の床 new!
#*秋の床板
#*紅葉の職人床
#*中秋の名月敷物
#*高級木材の壁
#*秋仕様の壁紙
#*折鶴の壁紙
#*紅葉の壁紙
#*長月の壁紙 new!
#*赤とんぼの壁紙
#*「海上護衛」掛け軸
#*「なのです」掛け軸
#*「観艦式」掛け軸
#*「加賀」模型と桐箪笥
#*温泉檜風呂
#*富嶽タイル画
#*緑カーテンの窓
#*秋の気配な窓
#*長月の秋窓 new!
#*お月見窓
#*豪華なお月見窓
#*すすきの窓
#*ドレッサー
#*ハンガーラック
#*メルヘンシェルフ
#*月夜海(つきよみ)の蓄音機 new!
#*提督の書斎机
#*秋刀魚の食卓
#Various pieces of furniture have been updated for the new season:
#*温泉檜風呂
#*温泉岩風呂
#*鎮守府カウンターバー
#**The Counter Bar has also been updated for the new ships from the [[Summer 2017 Event]].
#Jukebox has been updated for the new season as well:
#*「鎮守府の秋祭り」
#*「秋月の空」
#*「月夜海」 (New vocal song - short version?)
#Updates to Akashi's Improvement Arsenal:
#*[[15.2cm Triple Gun Mount]] can now be improved.
#*[[F6F-3]] and [[F6F-5]] can now be improved as well.
#**F6F-3 was previously already improvable; presumably, this implies that it can now be upgraded to the F6F-5 (and/or its Night Fighter variant).
#**These pieces of equipment may also be upgraded via the new quest 【夜間戦闘機型艦上戦闘機】.
#New equipment has been added to the game:
#*艦上攻撃機「TBF」
#*夜間作戦型艦上攻撃機「TBM-3D」
#*航空作戦支援装備/要員「夜間作戦航空要員」
#*航空作戦支援装備/要員「夜間作戦航空要員+熟練甲板員」
#*The new equipment is obtainable from quests involving the new Mk.II remodel added to the game during this update.
#New quests:
#*精強「任務部隊」を編成せよ！
#*輸送部隊の練度向上に務めよ！
#*夜戦型艦上戦闘機の開発 
#*夜間作戦型艦上攻撃機の開発
#*精強大型航空母艦、抜錨！　他
#*As always, various prerequisite quests may need to be completed before these quests will show up in your quest list.
#Saratoga Mk.II has been added to the game.
#*A Blueprint and Prototype Catapult are '''required''' for this remodel.
#*She has a further combat sub-remodel, Saratoga Mk.II Mod.2.
#**This remodel does '''not''' require a Blueprint.
#[[Kamoi]] and [[Saratoga]] have been added to LSC.
#A new Cut-In has been added for Carriers, during '''day battles''': 「戦爆連合」
#*'''High-end Abyssal Carrier(s) is/are also capable of performing this Cut-In.'''
#A new Cut-In at '''night''' has also been added for Carriers, which can be performed with certain equipment set-ups.
#**This mechanic will be updated further in the future.
#[[Amagiri]] has received a new CG for her first remodel.
#The CG for [[Luigi Torelli]]'s first remodel can now be viewed in the Encyclopaedia.