'''February 16th, 2018''' ''Winter 2018 Event Update''

#'''[[Winter 2018 Event]] is released!'''
#'''Main Operation Notes'''
#* The following maps have been implemented for the main operation:
#** E-1: Battle Stations! Perform Thorough Patrols of the Route Ahead! "Battle of the Palawan Passage Route Patrols"
#** E-2: The Grand Sortie! Kurita Fleet's "Battle of the Sibuyan Sea"
#** E-3: Ozawa Task Force, Sortie with Full Force! "First Battle of Cape Engaño"
#** E-4: Beyond Samar.... "Battle of the Leyte Gulf"
#'''Extra Operation Notes'''
#* Extra Operation will be released on the evening of 2/18
#'''New Kanmusu'''
#* A Total of 7 Kanmusu will be released this event! 4 will be available in the Main Operation and 3 will be available on the Extra Operation.
#*Admirals who clear E-2 will obtain the Japanese Escort [[Hiburi]].
#*Admirals who clear the final main Operation map (E-4) will obtain the American Carrier [[Gambier Bay]].
#'''New Difficulty Mode'''
#*'''Very Easy Mode ({{lang|ja|丁}})''' has been implemented for the Admirals who are too busy to prepare or are very new to the game. 
#Changes to '''lowering difficulty settings'''
#*When '''lowering the difficulty''' some progress you have successfully completed from the harder difficulty will carry over into the easier difficulty.
#'''Friend fleets'''
#*'''Friend fleets''' will be able to assist you during the Night Battle phase of the final part of '''E-4'''.
#* There are multiple compositions of the friendly fleet. The composition will change the player's composition of the First Striking Force.
#'''[[Musashi]] has been given a 2nd Remodel''' 
#*[[Musashi]] will now be able to have a total of 5 equip slots (6 if an expansion is used)
#*Cost to remodel Musashi requires, 3 [[Blueprint]]s, 3 New Type Artillery Armaments, and 1 [[Action Report]]
#** However, in this event there will be an opportunity to obtain 3 [[Blueprint]]s if you complete the main operation '''on at least Easy Difficulty'''.
#'''New Voice Lines'''
#*20+ Kanmsusu have received Decisive Battle Combat Voice lines that they will say during battle.
#'''New CG'''
#* Kanmusu such as [[Zuikaku]] have received a '''"Decisive Battle CG"''' for a limited time over the duration of the event.

[[Category:Game Updates]]