{{UpdateBar|PrevDate= September 16 |PrevYear = 2016 |NextDate = October 21 |NextYear = 2016}}

'''October 5th, 2016''' ''Land-Based Air Squadron Update''
#'''Nakau collaboration mode CG'''
#*[[Akagi]], [[Akitsushima]], and [[Roma]] get Oyakodon mode CG.
#*[[Akigumo]] get Katsudon mode CG.
#*[[Mizuho]] get Beef Bowl Mode CG.
#*[[Akebono]] get Udon mode CG.
#'''Maximum number of home base slots expanded to 310.'''
#*Max equipment also increased by 40
#'''Four new [[Quests#October 5th, 2016|quests]] added:'''
#*[[Quests#F43|Begin the Preparations to Build the Air Base!]]
#*[[Quests#B80|Central Waters "Land Air Base" Deployment!]]
#*[[Quests#B81|Night Attack! Striking the Enemy Landing Force!]]
#*[[Quests#B82|Obtain the 'Lantern' to Light the Night Sea!]]
#'''It is now possible to use the Land Air Base in the latter part of the central waters ([[World 6]])'''
#*You need a "Construction Crew" item to unlock it
#*You can get a Construction Crew by completing the quest or from the cash shop
#'''A new map has been implemented in the Central Waters'''
#*[[6-5|"Carrier Task Force Interception" Off the Coast of KW Atoll]]
#'''Once you enable the Land Air Base, you can deploy the following:'''
#*[[6-4]]: 1 squadron
#*[[6-5]]: 2 squadrons
#'''Regarding air raids:'''
#*[[6-4]]: There are no air raids
#*[[6-5]]: There is a single air raid while clearing the map. After clearing the map, this no longer occurs.
#'''Two new BGMs will be implemented:'''
#*"Land Air Base" for the Land Air Base screen
#*Wings of the Sea Eagles" for the [[6-5]] battle BGM
#*"Carrier Task Force Interception" Off the Coast of KW Atoll - The boss node formation will change as you deplete the gauge.
#*Also, the boss fleet will be accompanied by an escort fleet (this is the first time an Abyssal combined fleet has shown up in any map). Please plan your sorties accordingly!
#'''Updates to [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]:'''
#*[[38.1cm Mk.I/N Twin Gun Mount Kai]] is now improvable
#*Also, the [[38.1cm Mk.I Twin Gun Mount]] can be upgraded to become the [[38.1cm Mk.I/N Twin Gun Mount Kai]]
#'''UI & Other Miscellaneous Updates'''
#*EOs will now display boss gauges at the map selection screen (which will disappear once the gauge has been fully depleted)
#*Updates to the appearance of the [[Type 1 Land Attacker Model 22A]]
#*Reduced the bauxite regeneration penalty when the [[Land-Based Air Squadron]] is in Rest mode to be less than half

'''Update Bug'''
#Torpedo animation is bugged and moves slower than usual.

[[Category:Game Updates]]