{{UpdateBar
|PrevDate = April 1
|PrevYear = 2016
|NextDate = May 3
|NextYear = 2016
}}

'''April 22nd 2016''' ''The 3rd Anniversary Update''

#'''[[Kawakaze|Kawakaze Kai Ni]]'''
#* Shiratsuyu Class Destroyer Kawakaze can now be remodeled into a Kai Ni.
#* She will be capable of using [[Daihatsu]] landing gear.
#* She will require a fairly high level to be upgraded and will not need a blue print.
#'''End of [[Seasonal/Coming of Spring 2016#Voice Lines|Coming of Spring Voice Lines]]'''
#'''[[Seasonal/Third Anniversary#Voice Lines|Third Anniversary Voice Lines]]'''
#* 150 Kanmusus will be given limited time third anniversary voices until the Spring Event.
#'''Limited Time Third Anniversary Wall Scroll'''
#* A new wall scroll will be given to admirals who complete a mission during the third anniversary update.
#* In addition, a gift box will be given to all admirals.
# '''[[Quests|New Missions]]'''
#* New missions have been implemented for the third anniversary which will include:
#**'''The Third Anniversary Fleet'''
#**'''First Carrier Division, to the West!'''
#**'''Organize a high speed transport fleet'''
#**'''High speed transport fleet, Sortie!'''
#**'''Preparations for new equipment'''
#**'''Procedures for new equipment for the Landing force Operation''' 
#'''Kawakaze Limited Time Drop'''
#*Kawakaze will be available for a limited time at [[World 2#2-5|2-5]]. 
#*Akashi and Uzuki will remain available till the next update.
#'''Akashi Improvement Arsenal Update'''
#*Akashi can now improve the [[Type 98 Recon Seaplane (Night Scout)]] with the assistance of [[Sendai#Second Upgrade|a certain night battle obsessed light cruiser in her Kai Ni form]].
#'''Ise and Hyuuga Kai improvements'''
#*Ise Kai and Hyuuga Kai get a buff in their max FP, Max AA, and LoS buff
#'''Mogami, Mikuma, Kumano and Suzuya stats improvements'''
#* Mogami Kai gets a max AA and plane slot buff
#* Mikuma kai gets max FP and plane slot buff
#* Suzuya and Kumano gets max armor, plane slot buff
#'''Stat buff to Akagi and Zara'''
#*Akagi gets a max FP buff
#*Zara Kai gets a max Armor buff
#'''New BGM'''
#*The Kanmusu picture book dictionary will now play the BGM "Encounter", but the equipment section still play the old bgm. (Possible bug?)
#'''Third Anniversary CG Art'''
#*[[Yuugumo]], [[Naganami]], [[Harusame]] and [[Mizuho]] will get special "Spring Boutique Mode" CG to celebrate the third anniversary.
[[Category:Game Updates]]