{{UpdateBar | PrevDate = August 31 | PrevYear = 2016 |NextDate = October 5 |NextYear = 2016 }}
'''September 16th, 2016''' ''Brand New KanMusu Addition''

#'''New Special Type Destroyer [[Uranami]]'''
#*A new Special-Type Destroyer ([[:Category:Fubuki Class|Fubuki]]/[[:Category:Ayanami Class|Ayanami Class]] destroyer) will be available as a drop in the regular maps.
#*Idle and resupply lines will change upon Kai, and she will have time notifications upon Kai.
#'''[[Uranami]]'s drop locations'''
#*[[Uranami]] can be found within locations as early as the seas outside of [[World 2#2-4|Okinoshima in the Nansei Islands (World 2-4)]]
#**Note: her drop rate is rare on that map and she may be easier to encounter in later sections of the map
#* She can also be found in the [[World 4|Western]], [[World 5|Southern]] and [[World 6|Central Waters]] Areas (Worlds 4, 5 and 6).
#'''New [[Quests]]'''
#*A new series of quests have been implemented which include:
#**Forming the 19th Destroyer Division
#**Sortie the 19th Destroyer Division
#**19th Destroyer Division, engage the enemy flagship!
#**Production of Custom Furniture
#**Production of Maritime Resupplies
#'''Yukata Mode'''
#*[[:Category:Yuugumo Class|Yuugumo-Class]] DD [[Naganami]] has been given a Yukata CG for the fall season as well as fall voice lines.
#*[[:Category:Nagato Class|Nagato-Class]] BB [[Mutsu]] has been given a Yukata CG.
#'''Akashi Improvement Arsenal Update'''
#*[[Akashi]] can now upgrade [[Warspite]]'s [[38.1cm Mk.I Twin Gun Mount|38.1cm Mk.1 Twin Gun Mount]] with the assistance of the British Battleship kanmusu.
#'''UI fixes'''
#*Notifications in the quest section have been adjusted so that text such as the "50% marker" no longer obstructs quest descriptions.
#'''Seasonal Furniture Changes'''
#*Cypress Bath and Spring Rock Bath have received graphical changes for the fall season.
#'''Security and small fixes'''
#*Security has been improved to better detect use of macros and bots.
#* [[I-26]] Voice line for her 20:00 time notification has been fixed.
#'''Shortland Server Expansion'''
#*Shortland is currently undergoing a server expansion which is planned to be completed in time for the '''Naval Base Saury Feastival'''
[[Category:Game Updates]]