{{UpdateBar
|PrevDate = October 9th
|PrevYear = 2015
|NextDate = November 18
|NextYear = 2015
}}
'''October 30th, 2015''' ''Zuikaku Kai Ni and UI update''

Halloween CG can be found [[Seasonal/Halloween 2015|here]].

# '''[[Zuikaku]] now gets a second remodel'''
#*Second remodel at level 77.
#*Requires a blueprint and a catapult.
#*Some new voice lines for kai ni.
#'''[[Zuikaku|Zuikaku Kai Ni]] can be remodeled into ''kai ni kou''.'''
#*Converting into ''kai ni kou'' requires additional resources.
#*It is possible to convert back from ''kai ni kou'' into ''kai ni''.
#'''''Kai ni'' and ''kai ni kou'' have different colouring'''
#'''Ship slots have been increased'''
#*Maximum is now 270.
#*Maximum equipment slots have increased by 40.
#'''Organisation UI Update'''
#*You can now save fleet compositions.
#*You can find the new screen to save your compositions in the bottom left of the ''Organisation'' screen.
#'''To save a fleet, select the topmost tab in the bottom left and click the ''record'' (記録) button.'''
#*You can currently save only 3 fleets.
#*You can unlock up to 2 more save slots by using a ''dock key'', resulting in a maximum  of 5 slots. 
#'''To use a fleet you have saved, click on the uppermost tab in the bottom left and click the ''deploy'' (展開) button.'''
#*The equipment the girls have is whatever they are currently equipped with; equipment loadouts are not saved.
#*You can delete saved configurations
#'''Equipment UI update'''
#*It is now possible to drag and drop to swap equipment on ship girls.
#'''New fighter planes'''
#*[[Type 21 Zero Fighter (Iwamoto Squadron)]]
#*[[Type 52 Zero Fighter (Skilled)]]
#*[[Type 52 Model C (Iwai Squadron)]]
#*[[Type 52 Model A (Iwamoto Squadron)]]
#'''Around 12 new missions added'''
#*''Organise the 3rd Aviation Squadron''
#*''Organise the Ozawa Fleet''
#*''Sortie the 3rd Aviation Squadron to the Southern Islands''
#*''Form the elite fighter squadron''
#*Some quests will have a prerequisites.
#'''End of [[Seasonal/Saury 2015|saury event]]'''
#*Leftover sauries will be deleted.
#*[[Isokaze]]'s autumn CG will be saved in the shipdex.
#*[[Isokaze]] is no longer a drop.
#'''End of Autumn festival'''
#*All yukata and Oktoberfest CG will be removed and saved in the shipdex.
#*Autumn voice lines will be removed.
#*Autumn Saury CG will remain.
#'''Halloween begins'''
#*[[Libeccio]] and [[Roma]] will receive Halloween CG.
#'''Limited time drop for [[Libeccio]]'''
#*World 4-5 will have a chance to drop [[Libeccio]].
#'''Misc'''
#*''Skilled pilot'' item has been added.
#*[[Shiden Kai 2 (Violet Lightning)]] gets a +3 EVA buff.
#*Admirals who don't have [[Libeccio]] will have a 3x drop rate.

[[Category:Game Updates]]
[[zh:游戏更新/2015年10月30日]]