'''March 27th, 2020''' ''Post Hina Matsuri Event Update''

#'''Mini Event "Peach Festival! Offshore Waves' has come to an end.'''
#* All the Hishimochi have been removed.
#'''Shipgirl changes'''
#* Autumn Casual Mode has been removed.
#* White Day voicelines have been removed.
#* Spring voicelines have been implemented. 
#** Grecale, Janus and Mikura among others.
#* Akashi has received a new 'Outing' CG
#'''Equipment changes'''
#* Swordfish (Floatplane) has been implemented.
#* Small buffs for Searchlights.
#** Additional bonuses on Hiei, Kirishima, Jintsuu etc.
#* Skilled Lookouts have been buffed.
#** Additional bonuses on Japanese DDs and CLs.
#** Can be equipped in Reinforcement Expansion slots.
#* Anti-aircraft Fire Directors have been made more useful.
#** They can now be equipped in Reinforcement Expansion slot.
#** Type 91 Anti-aircraft Fire Director can now be developed.
#* 20.3 cm #2 and 20.3 cm #3 medium calibre guns have received additional bonuses when equipped on Japanese heavy cruisers.
#** The #3 version has received extra strong bonuses on the Myoukou, Takao, Mogami and, especially, Tone classes.
#** Additional bonuses will be activated if mixed with surface radars.
#* Type 96 and Type 96 Kai fighters have received additional bonuses on Houshou, Taiyou and Shinyou.
#'''Akashi Arsenal changes'''
#* Late 298B can now be improved with help of a certain Shipgirl.
#* Swordfish can now be improved and upgraded to Swordfish Mk.II (Skilled) with help of a certain Shipgirl.
#* Newly implemented Swordfish (Floatplane) can also be improved with help of a certain Shipgirl.
#** Will become upgradable into Swordfish Mk. III Kai (Floatplane) later.
#'''Map changes'''
#* The month of Uzuki has begun! Let the wabbit hunt begin!
#* Time-limited Kaiboukan drops have been disabled.
#* Time-limited drops of Gotland, Commandant Teste and Kamoi have been implemented.
#'''Quest changes'''
#* New quests:
#** Heavy Cruiser Squadron, to the west!
#** Arsenal Ship Akashi escort mission
#** Perform navigation practice and protection mission!
#** 5th Carrier Division, go wild!
#* With the removal of Hishimochi the reward for "31st Squadron, sortie!" has been changed to a present box.
#* The Winter PvP quest has been replaced with a Spring PvP quest.
#* New time-limited quests:
#** [Spring Only] Fly! Floatplane Swordfish
#** [Spring Only] Improve the floatplane Swordfish
#** Will expire after around two months
#'''Expedition changes'''
#* Fixed a bug that caused some expeditions to counts kaiboukans as destroyers.
#* Two new expeditions:
#** Nansei Islands search and destroy operation
#** Fleet advance towards Rabaul
#* New icon has been added to signify that there are Screws available from an expedition.
#'''BGM changes'''
#* Three new BGMs have been added to the Jukebox:
#**【Naganami, dashing】
#**【Combined Fleet Flagship】
#**【鶴墜ちる海】
#'''Furniture Shop changes'''
#* New and returning furniture
#* Uzuki furniture is back
#'''UI changes'''
#* Quest menu has received new category filter based on mission's type - combat, exercises, expedition, arsenal, others.
#'''Other'''
#* KanColle will celebrate its 7th anniversary soon.
#** New CGs are planned.
#** Kongou Kai Ni C, Oboro Kai, Akebono Kai and Etorofu Kai have something waiting for them.
[[Category:Game Updates]]