'''September 29th 2017''' ''Naval District Saury Festival 2017 Update''

#'''[[Naval District Saury Festival]] 2017 has now begun!'''
# '''Several CG implemented including Fishing CG, Autumn Festival Happi Coat CG, and Pacific Saury CG.'''
#* [[Verniy]] and [[Uzuki]] have been given special CGs that tie closely to the Saury Theme.
#'''Saury Festival Voice Lines have been implemented!'''
#* Some new lines include [[Nagato]], [[Mutsu]], [[Shimushu]], [[Kunashiri]], ect.
#'''Autumn Casual Clothes CG implemented'''
#* These include [[Shiratsuyu]], [[Sagiri]] and [[Richelieu]]
# '''Mitsukoshi Shopping CG Implemented for [[Kashima]]'''
# '''Naval Review CG Implemented for [[Uranami]]'''
#'''[[Naval District Saury Festival]] Tips'''
#* Most tips please refer to the Naval District Saury Festival link for more details on how you can collect fish, do quests and cook fish.
#'''Jukebox Update'''
#*Jukebox now has "Naval District Saury Festival Kai" and "Kanmusu Ondo"
# '''Anchorage Bar Counter has been updated to feature Saury Themes'''
#'''New Music in fishing ground!'''
#*"Naval District Saury Festival Kai 2" will play in all fishing grounds!
# '''Destroyer Escorts will now drop for a limited time on various maps!'''
#* [[Shimushu]]. [[Kunashiri]], [[Etorofu]], and [[Matsuwa]] can be obtained in various locations.
#* They will drop in different locations
#* Admirals who do not own specific Destroyer Escorts will have a higher drop rate for them.
#* [[Matsuwa]] can be found on 1-5 for Admirals who don't own her.
# '''Destroyer Escort can now be used to improve other stats in Modernization!'''
#* By using Destroyer Escorts as Modernization material, you can improve various stats such as Luck and ASW
#* By combining a certain set of Destroyer Escorts, you even permanently improve Max HP stats
#* Note that the Destroyer Escort modernization is currently in it's experimental stage and may be subjected to change. 
#'''Bot Tracking has been improved'''
# '''Planned Saury Festival is set to last over 2 weeks.'''
[[Category:Game Updates]]