'''August 27th, 2020''' ''Kaga Kai Ni Update''

#'''The 2020 Rainy/Summer Event has come to an End'''
#'''Summer Content Removed'''
#* All Swimsuit CGs, Voicelines, furniture, and limited time Summer drops have been removed.
#* All CGs can be found in the Library page if necessary.
#'''[[Kaga|Kaga Kai Ni]] Remodel'''
#* [[Kaga|Kaga Kai Ni]] conversion improves her overall combat strength
#* Her initial conversion requires her to be level 82 + 2 Blueprints, 1 Prototype Flight Deck Catapult, 1 Action Report and 2 Aviation Materials along with 120 devmats, 4700 ammo and 8800 steel.
#* This remodel is reversible.
#** A [[Prototype Flight Deck Catapult]] can be obtained from a new quest.
#'''[[Kaga|Kaga Kai Ni E]] Remodel'''
#* Can be remodeled at level 82 + additional 88 devmats and 30 torches.
#* Allows Kaga to attack in night battle.
#* This remodel is reversible.
#'''[[Kaga|Kaga Kai Ni Go]] Remodel'''
#* Can be remodeled at level 84 + additional 84 devmats and 84 torches.
#* Allows Kaga to use Autogyros, Helicopters, Jets and ASW patrol planes.
#* Grants the ability to perform OASW.
#* Will prioritize attacking Submarines.
#* This remodel is reversible.
# '''New Equipment'''
#* [[TBM-3W+3S]] has been introduced
#** This plane is a combination of the TBM-3D and TBM-3S giving the plane a powerful night attack while also providing strong ASW support.
#** A new [[Quest]] will allow you to obtain this plane.
#'''New Quests'''
#* A total of 6 new quests have been added
#** Aircraft Carrier Exercises
#** Reinforce our maritime escorts in the Nansei Islands area!
#** Special Aircraft Carrier Mission: Our Carrier Divisions, Peerless and Unmatched!
#***  You'll be able to obtain a "Prototype Deck Catapult" from the Special Aircraft Carrier Mission 
#**  Remodeled Kaga-class Aircraft Carrier "Kaga K2", Set Sail!
#**  Peerless "CarDiv 1", Sortie! Defeat Them With a Single Strike!
#**  Introduction of Cutting-Edge ASW Patrol Aircraft
#'''UI update''' 
#* Fixed bugs that caused the game to freeze under certain conditions when you hear the voice lines upon logging in.
#* Fixed bugs that caused the game to freeze under certain conditions in fleet preset menu.
#* Fixed icon in 3-2 description to show the correct resource that can be obtained.
#* Font colors have been added for fleet preset system to make Save and Load option easier to tell apart.
#* Changed Save and Load button accordingly.
#'''New BGM'''
#* '''Kaga, Conquering the Sea''' is now available.
#* Can play in various maps and can be selected on your Jukebox.
#'''New Furniture'''
#* Along with fall furniture, the following new furniture is introduced:
#** Coastal Defense Ships' Generic Round Table
#** Admiral's & Secretary's Wooden Desk
#** "Cape Kaga" Wall Scroll (Quest Reward)
#'''Seasonal update to furniture and quests'''
#* The following items are receiving season-appropriate changes:
#** Cypress Wood Bathtub
#** Rocky Bathtub
#** Naval Base Bar Counter (partly)
#** Large-scale Flower Arrangement
#** Bar Counter has been updated to include food from the 10 new Kanmusu.
#** "Summer Exercises" will be updated to their corresponding "Autumn Exercises".
# '''Stat Buffs'''
#* The Following buffs have been provided:
#** Iowa Kai: max Firepower, max LOS
#** Ise K2: higher helicopter/autogyro bonus
#** Hyuuga K2: max slot size, higher helicopter/autogyro bonus
#'''Fall CG and Voice Lines'''
#* [[South Dakota]], [[Jingei]], [[Akashi]], [[Yashiro]] now have Yukata CGs along with old ones returning
#* Fall voice lines have been given to [[Yamato]], [[Naganami]], [[Akishimo]], [[Fujinami]], [[Hayanami]], [[Hamanami]], [[Kagerou]], [[Shiranui]], [[Hornet]], [[Atlanta]], [[Perth]] among many more.
#'''Fly, Got Sheep Mini Game Update'''
#*The hidden mini game has been updated with the following content:
#** First stage is now a bit easier!
#** Small improvements here and there!
#** Added "Extra Sequence II" for skilled sheep launchers
[[Category:Game Updates]]