'''10 October 2018''' ''Early Fall Event closing update / Saury Fishing mini-event implementation update''

#'''Early Fall 2018 Event, "Weigh anchor! Combined Fleet, sortie to the west!", has come to an end. Thank you all for your participation.
#'''Memory management improved to mitigate or prevent memory leaks and crashes'''
#'''Maximum port and equipment slots increased'''
#* The maximum number of shipgirl slots has been increased by ten, from 380 to 390.
#* The maximum number of equipment slots has been increased by 40.
#'''"Swimsuit Mode" CGs have been deactivated'''
#* They can be seen in game's Glossary.
#'''"Saury Mode" CGs are now active.'''
#* Shouhou has received a long overdue seasonal CG for the occasion. Thank you bob-sama!
#* Michishio has received a new seasonal CG for the occasion.
#* Gotland has received a new seasonal CG for the occasion.
#* Okinami, Kishinami and Asashimo received a raise and bought new clothes for the Saury Festival as well. Autumn Casual and Yukata modes are still coming.
#* Fukae and Etorofu have received new seasonal CGs for the occasion.
#* Commandant Teste has also decided to show off her sense of fashion, getting new clothes for the occasion. C'est bon!
#* Japanese girls taught Gambier Bay how to use chopsticks, so she also bought some new clothes to celebrate the Saury Festival.
#'''"Saury Mode" voice lines are now active.
#* 100 returning voice lines.
#* 40 new voice lines.
#'''Saury Fishing mini-event implemented'''
#* Sortie to various maps, destroy the enemy fleets and secure the area to fish!
#* World 1 and 3 are your main destinations.
#* As usual bringing Skilled Lookouts, Searchlights, Recon Aircraft, Onigiri will increase the drop rates.
#* Overfishing mechanic is here again.
#** Sortieing to one map or world too often will result in drop rate reduction.
#** Consider taking it slowly or switching between maps and world often to mitigate this mechanic.
#** Sonars can be quite effective as well. Devs mention "deeper underwater" search, so maybe submarines will play a role too?
#** Destroyers, Kaiboukans and Light Carriers all have a positive effect on the drop rates.
#* Sauries will disappear with the end of the mini-event so make sure to cook them
#** Sashimi will give resources
#** Salt-broiled Saury will give various materials
#** Grilled dishes will be canned and can be used as Combat Rations
#* Kaiboukans Etorofu, Matsuwa and Fukae will be available as seasonal drops in some of the maps
#'''Quest changes'''
#* Three new seasonal quests:
#** ''This Autumn's saury is exciting too, right?''
#** ''I will not yield these precious fishing grounds!''
#** They will reward resources, equipment and allow you to choose the 2018 Big Haul Flag furniture.
#'''Furniture updates'''
#* New fish dish added to the Counterbar
#* Saury Festival themed furniture has been added to the Furniture Shop
#* Three new Saury Festival themed pieces of furniture
#** Saury Wallpaper
#** Saury Floorboard
#** 2018 Big Haul Flag
#*** Rewarded by the questline.
#'''Soundtrack changes'''
#* New BGMs
#** ''Chinjufu's Saury Festival Kai Ni''
#** ''Chinjufu's Saury Festival Kai San'''
#* Return of ''Kanmusu Ondo''
#* Updated the Jukebox track list
#* Fishing areas have also received a BGM update
#'''There's a surprise waiting for the girl who's working really hard at saury cooking now. Look forward to it in the last third of this month!'''

[[Category: Game Updates]]