{{UpdateBar
|PrevDate = January 19
|PrevYear = 2016
|NextDate = February 14 
|NextYear = 2016
}}

'''Feburary 10th, 2016''' ''[[Winter 2016 Event]] and [[Seasonal/Valentine's Day 2016|Valentine's Day]] Update''

#'''[[Seasonal/Valentine's Day 2016#voices|Limited Time Valentine's Day  Voices]]'''
#*Over 100 Kanmusus have been given Valentine's Day Voices.
#'''[[Seasonal/Valentine's Day 2016#CG|Valentine's Day Mode CG]]'''
#*Kanmusu such as Harusame, Uzuki, and Yayoi will be celebrating Valentine's Day. They can be encountered in the winter event. 
#'''Chocolate Gift from the Kanmusus'''
#*From the beginning of this event until next maintenance, when you log in you will receive a chocolate as a gift from your shipgirls.
#'''Valentine's Day Furniture'''
#*While no new furniture has been added, Valentine's furniture has returned.
#'''[[Winter 2016 Event|Operation Rei-Go]] has begun!'''
#*The [[Winter 2016 Event]] "Sortie! Operation Rei-Go" has begun! Good luck to all of you admirals out there as you advance through the 3 maps. Admirals of higher rank can challenge themselves on higher difficulty.
#'''Main Stage Operations'''
#*Operation Rei-Go will have 2 main stage operations which will consist of:
#** [[Winter 2016 Event#E-1|E-1 Kanpan Gulf]]: "Operation Rei-go" Preperation
#** [[Winter 2016 Event#E-2|E-2 Otoro Island Marmalade Gulf]] : "Operation Rei-Go"
#'''Important Information Regarding Main Stage Operations'''
#*E-1 will be an anti-submarine Operation. Kanmusus who have strong ASW gear and are good at Anti-Sub patroling are recommended.
#*E-2 will be a confrontation where you make find and battle the "Suppply Depot Hime" who you will need to defeat and capture in order to succeed.
#'''Main Stage Operation Reward'''
#*For defeating the Supply Depot Hime will be the Akizuki Class Air Defense DD [[Hatsuzuki]].
#'''Reminder for New Admirals'''
#*If you are a recent recruit, do not rush into the event waters, please train your fleet in the normal waters and prepare them for the event as you will have time.
#'''Upon completing Operation Rei-Go'''
#*Admirals who complete Operation Rei-Go you will gain access to an limited time expedition called "Friendly Exchange Naval Review." Please be sure to partake in the expedition, upon completing it...
#'''[[Winter 2016 Event#E-3|Extra Operation]]'''
#*The Later part is an "If Operation" based upon "Operation Sho-Go 4". Admirals will need to assemble a combine fleet and prepare to launch an attack to take out the apporach enemy fleet. Upon completing the operation you will be rewarded with [[:Category:Zara Class|Zara-Class Heavy Cruiser]] [[Zara]].
#'''Regarding rewards and drops'''
#*You can collect all the reward kanmusu on the maps regardless of difficulty. The only thing that is differ will be the equipment you are rewarded for completing the event maps. Kanmusus will all drop in all location regardless of difficulty
#'''Rare Kanmusu Drops'''
#*[[Mizuho]], [[Amagi]], the Italians ships, [[Graf Zeppelin]], and new Yuugumo class DD [[Okinami]] are all obtainable as drops 
[[Category:Game Updates]]
[[Category:Events]]
[[Category:Valentine's Day]]