{{UpdateBar
|PrevDate = June 22
|PrevYear = 2016
|NextDate = July 15
|NextYear = 2016
}}

'''June 30th, 2016''' ''The Asashio Kai Ni update''

# '''New Remodels for Asashio'''
#* The Lead flagship of Destroyer Division 8, [[Asashio]], has been given a Kai Ni and a Kai Ni D remodel.
#* Blueprint is not required for either.
#* Additional lines and dialogue for home base and combat will be added
#* She will not be able to use equipment such as the Daihatsu and Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank until she's upgraded to Kai Ni Type D.
#'''New Equipment'''
#* [[16in Triple Gun Mount Mk.7 + GFCS]] has been implemented.
#* [[Zero Fighter Type 32]] has been implemented.
#::There is no need to go out of your way to equip the new fighter.
#* In addition, [[Zero Fighter Type 32 (Skilled)]] is now available by upgrading [[Zero Fighter Type 21 (Skilled)]].
#'''New Quests'''
#* Multiple new quests, such as ''Early Summer Reorganization'', have been impletemented.
#* All quests have certain triggers.
#* ''Early Summer Reorganization'' is only available until the start of Summer Event. It's possible to obtain new seasonal furniture with the completion of the quest.
#* In addition, 8 new quests have bee added, including the following:
#:*''"31st Squadron" Suppress the Enemy Submarines!''
#:*''Reform the New "8th Destroyer Division"!''
#:*''Elite Forces! First Mini-Squadron of 8th Destroyer Division!''
#:*''Massive Produce Autocannons''
#:*''Encounter Battle at Okinoshima Island''
#* New quests that are repeatable every 3 months (Seasonal) are implemented.
#'''New and Revival of Furnitures'''
#'''New Improvement Menu at [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]
#* [[Type 96 Fighter]], [[Zero Fighter Type 21]], [[Zero Fighter Type 32]], [[Zero Fighter Type 52]], [[Prototype 61cm Hext (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount]], [[16in Triple Gun Mount Mk.7]] and [[16in Triple Gun Mount Mk.7 + GFCS]] can now be improved with assistance from specific kanmusus.
#'''New Development Menu'''
#* [[Zero Fighter Type 32]] is able to be developed.
#'''Increase of Stats to Certain Destroyers'''
#* [[Kamikaze#Upgrade|Kamikaze Kai]], [[Harukaze#Upgrade|Harukaze Kai]], [[Shigure#Second Upgrade|Shigure Kai Ni]], etc, have had their ASW stat adjusted upwards.
#* [[Ushio#Second Upgrade|Ushio Kai Ni]], [[Ayanami#Second Upgrade|Ayanami Kai Ni]], [[Hatsuharu#Second Upgrade|Hatsuharu Kai Ni]], etc, have had their maximum Firepower adjusted upwards.
#'''Buffs to Certain Ships'''
#* [[Isuzu#Second Upgrade|Isuzu Kai Ni]] now has preemptive ASW.
#* [[Iowa]] and her upgrade have better gun-fitting.
#* [[Isokaze#Upgrade|Isokaze Kai]] has her maximum luck, etc, adjusted upwards.
#'''Other Adjustments'''
#* Better text display for ship list (browser version)
#* Better Stability for Android version
#* Updated Equipment Images for [[Zero Fighter Type 21 (Skilled)]]
#* Faster Tempo for Depth Charge ASW Attacks
#'''Preemptive ASW Depth Charge Attacks'''
#* Other than [[Isuzu#Second Upgrade|Isuzu Kai Ni]], all ships with exceptionally high ASW stats or ships with equipment that can detect enemy submarines can perform preemptive depth charge attacks even against skilled enemy submarines.
#'''Prerelease of Early Summer Voices'''
#* A number of Mutsuki-class ships and one additional ship have been given newly recorded early summer voices!
[[Category:Game Updates]]