'''January 14th, 2020''' ''Yuubari Kai Ni Post Event update''

#'''[[Fall 2019 Event]] comes to an end'''
#'''Unopened Christmas Gift Boxes have been removed'''
#'''New Years Quest have been removed'''
#'''New Years Voices Lines and  Hiragi CG have been removed.
#* All CG can be be viewed at the Asset Dictionary
#'''Setsubun Beans Return'''
#* It's time to cast the demons out and bring good forturne in!
#* You'll be able to earn them through Setsubun Quests from the [[Setsubun Mini-Event]]
#* The beans you earn from these quests can be used to earn rewards for special LBAS planes such at the [[Type 2 Land Based Reconnaissance Aircraft]] and [[Ginga]]
#* Beans will stay for a certain period of time following the mini event's completion.
#'''Setsubun Voice Lines'''
#*Various new ships girls including [[Houston]],[[Perth]],[[De Ruyter]],[[Mikura]] [[Hirato]], [[Hachijou]] [[Colorado]] [[Atlanta]] and [[Abruzzi]]
#'''Setsubun CG'''
#* New Setsubun CG ofr [[De Ruyter]] and [[Matsuwa]] have been implemented.
#'''Setsubun Quests'''
#* There is a total of 4 Setsubun Quests avalaible to gain access to Setsubun beans
#* For more details please view the [[Setsubun Mini-Event]] 
#'''Various ASW Equipment tweaks'''
#*Several ASW equipment has been tweak to provide bonuses for various Kai Ni CL. These include among them:
#** [[Isuzu|Isuzu Kai Ni]]
#** [[Naka|Naka Kai Ni]]
#** [[Yura|Yura Kai Ni]]
#'''New Fruniture for Setsubun'''
#'''Admiral's Mahjong Table Update'''
#* Table has been updated to showcase Setsubun content.
#'''Akashi Improvement Arsenal Update'''
#* [[Akashi]] can now begin improving the following equipment::
#**[[8inch Triple Gun Mount Mk.9]]
#**[[8inch Triple Gun Mount Mk.9 mod.2]]
#*[[Type 93 SONAR]] , [[Type 4 SONAR]] and [[Type 33 Surface RADAR]] can be improved by a certain experimental light cruiser.
#*[[14cm Twin Gun Mount]] can also be improved and now upgraded by a  certain experimental light cruiser.
#'''Yuubari Kai Ni Remodel + Types'''
#* [[Yuubari]] can now be remodeled into her Kai Ni remodel
#* Kai Ni remodel conversion will require a blue print and action report
#**Her Kai Ni remodel consist of 3 different versions that she can change into
#*** Kai Ni is mainly combat and Anti-air focused and can benifit from certain equipment that can fit her.
#*** Kai Ni Toku will allow Yuubari to use Anti-installation equipment and Kou Hiyotekis at the cost of her speed.
#*** Ka Ni D allows her to excel in ASW and be able to perform innate ASW attacks.
#*Yuubari's Kai Ni Remodels' equipment slots have noted restrictions:
#** Slots 1-3 can equip anything (dependent on her remodel form focuses on)
#** Slots 4 does now allow guns or torpedoes, however all other equipment is fine.
#** Slot 5 is limited to small gear such as AA guns, Radars, Battle rations.
#* There is also a quest to obtain a [[Type D Kouhyouteki Kai (Kouryuu Kai)]] which can be used among Yuubari and a limited group of ships that can equip it such as AVs and CLTs.
#** Note that equiping this while will result in good fit bonuses will also provide lowered evasion.
#'''New Permament Quests'''
#*3 New Quests have been introduced with this update:
#**I wonder if we should test out "Yuubari Kai Ni?
#**New 6th Torpedo Squadron Sortie! Let me know what you think afterwards!
#**Enhanced 6th Torpedo Squadron, to the Front Lines!
#'''Modernization Menu UI update'''
#* Modernization menu now has a "Unequip all equipment before modernization" to allow for you to remove gear before using your kanmusu for moderization. Use this to your best interest.
[[Category:Game Updates]]