'''August 30th, 2019''' ''Summer Event 2019 Closing Update''

#'''European Counterattack Operation! Commence "Operation Shingle" event has ended'''
#'''Celebrating 130th anniversary of Kure and Sasebo Chinjufu'''
#* +10 equipment slots for everybody!
#'''Shipgirl changes'''
#* Summer Voicelines have been disabled.
#* Swimsuit CGs have been disabled.
#* Fall Voicelines have been implemented for Prinz Eugen, Akizuki, Minegumo, Nisshin, Shinyou, Hachijou and Ishigaki.
#* "Thank you for your hard work in Europe" Voicelines have been added for Fujinami, Oshio, Warspite and Ark Royal. 
#** Other unrelated Voicelines have been implemented as well.
#* Happi and Yukata modes have been implemented.
#** Seasonal CG for Tsushima.
#'''Map changes'''
#* Yamakaze drop chance has been implemented for certain maps of World 1.
#* Tsushima drop chance has been implemented for certain maps of World 1.
#'''Akashi Arsenal changes'''
#* [[16inch Mk.I Twin Gun Mount]] as well as [[16inch Mk.V Twin Gun Mount]] can now be improved.
#** Require an assistance of a certain Big 7 battleship.
#** [[16inch Mk.I Twin Gun Mount]] can be upgraded into [[16inch Mk.V Twin Gun Mount]]
#* [[Shipborne Model Type 4 20cm Anti-ground Rocket Launcher]] can now be improved with a help of certain Asashio-class Kai Ni destroyer(s).
#** It can also be upgraded into [[Type 4 20cm Anti-ground Rocket Launcher (Concentrated Deployment)]]
#*** Requires [[New Model Rocket Development Material]]
#'''Quest changes'''
#* New quests
#** 「十八駆」演習！ (DesDiv18 Training!)
#** 睦月型集合！演習始め！ (Mutsuki-class, assemble! Begin the training!)
#** 発令！「西方海域作戦」 (Announcing! Western Seas Operation)
#** 工廠稼働！次期作戦準備！ (Arsenal work! Preparations for the next operation!)
#'''UI changes'''
#* New UI modes for the construction view.
#** Related to the main Interface Modes that were implemented with HTML 5 Block 1
#* Equipment development can now be performed three times at once.
#'''Shop changes'''
#* Increased the number of resources / decreased the price to reflect the consumption tax hike of October 2019
#** Fuel from 200 to 250 and 1000 to 1200
#** Ammo from 200 to 250
#** Steel from 150 to 200
#** Bauxite from 100 to 150 and 550 to 650
#** Repair Buckets from 5 to 6 and 2 to 3
#** Development Materials from 2 to 3
#** Dock expansion set from 5 to 6 (Repair Buckets, Instant Construction Materials, Development Materials)
#** Development Material pack of 7 has had its price reduced from 500 to 400 DMM points
#** Emergency Repair has had its prices reduced from 800 to 600
#'''Furniture Shop changes'''
#* Jukebox has been updated with a new track: Shigure of Sasebo (instrumental)
#* Furniture with seasonal modes will enter the Autumn Mode.
#* New and returning furniture:
#** 柿の壁紙 new! 
#** 高級和風壁紙
#** 秋仕様の壁紙
#** 高級赤煉瓦の壁
#** 紅葉の壁紙
#** 赤とんぼの壁紙
#** 折鶴の壁紙
#** 長月の壁紙
#** 長月の床
#** 秋の床板
#** 柿の床板 new! 
#** 白い石板タイル
#** 中秋の名月敷物
#** 紅葉の職人床
#** エレガントボード
#** 書斎本棚
#** 大将の机
#** ちゃぶ台セット
#** 昔ながらのすりガラス
#** 提督座布団
#** 提督の書斎机
#** 教室セット「机」
#** 紳士な帽子掛け
#** 秋の気配な窓
#** 鎮守府の艦娘秋窓 new!
#** すすきの窓
#** 村雨の窓
#** お月見窓
#** 豪華なお月見窓
#** 長月の秋窓
#** 温泉檜風呂
#** クラシックシェルフ
#** 「呉鎮守府」掛け軸
#** 「佐世保鎮守府」掛け軸
#** 「加賀」模型と桐箪笥
#** 白煉瓦作りの葡萄の壁 new!
#** 鎮守府秋祭りの屋台
#** 鎮守府秋祭りの射的
#** 葡萄のカーペット new!
#** 提督用秋の読書本棚 new!
#** 「横須賀鎮守府」掛け軸
#** 「観艦式」掛け軸

[[Category:Game Updates]]