#[[Michishio]] has received a second remodel.
#*This remodel does '''not''' require a [[Blueprint]].
#*Various voice lines have also been updated.
#*New quest completion voice line(s) have also been added. They will be added to the Encyclopaedia after this year's Autumn Event.
#New Equipment / Akashi's Improvement Arsenal Updates:
#*12.7cm連装砲C型改二
#**Obtainable from Michishio's second remodel, as well as via Akashi's Improvement Arsenal.
#**Also upgradeable via Akashi's Improvement Arsenal.
#*Additional ships can now assist in improving the [[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-B Kai 2]].
#*The [[Type 95 Depth Charge]] can now be upgraded via Akashi's Improvement Arsenal.
#Updates To Existing Equipment:
#*[[20.3cm(no.3) Twin Gun Mount]] - Updates to Accuracy stat
#*[[20.3cm(no.2) Twin Gun Mount]] - Adjustments to Night Battle bonus
#*[[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai (Main)]] - Updates to Accuracy and AA stats
#*[[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai (Secondary)]] - Updates to Accuracy and AA stats
#*[[14cm Twin Gun Mount]] - Updates to Firepower
#*[[15.2cm Twin Gun Mount]] - Updates to Firepower
#*[[15.2cm Twin Gun Mount Kai]] - Updates to Firepower
#Destroyers now have improved evasion during night battles when equipped with '''both''' a Radar as well as [[Skilled Lookouts]].
#*Additionally, new Cut-Ins have been added for Destroyers: 「電探夜戦」 and 「電探雷撃」 (depending on equipment used).
#**These Cut-Ins are weaker than conventional Torpedo Cut-Ins, but have a higher chance of triggering.
#*The above changes are a preliminary update to the Night Battle system. More updates / changes may follow in the future.
#**Please note that it was unclear if future updates / changes referred to the Night Battle system as a whole, or just to Destroyers in particular.
#Updates To Expeditions:
#*A new [[World 2]] Expedition has been added (南西方面航空偵察作戦).
#*As with Expeditions added during the previous update, LoS, ASW, and/or AA stats may be required as part of the new expedition.
#New Quests:
#*A total of 5 new quests have been added:
#**「第八駆逐隊」、南西へ！
#**最精鋭「第八駆逐隊」を編成せよ！
#**最精鋭「第八駆逐隊」、全力出撃！
#**「捷一号作戦」、発動準備！
#**「西村艦隊」第二戦隊随伴部隊、集結せよ！
#*The aforementioned new quest completion voice lines have also been implemented as part of the new series of 8th Destroyer Division quests.
#*As always, certain prerequisite quests may need to be cleared before these quests are unlocked.
#New Late Autumn voice lines have been added for several ships, including [[Yamato]].
#*Special voice lines for "The Night Before The Decisive Battle" have also been updated / added for [[Shigure]], [[Asagumo]], [[Yamagumo]], [[Ashigara]], [[Nachi]], and [[Abukuma]].
#[[Asagumo]] and [[Yamagumo]] have received new Autumn-Winter Uniforms & Battle of the Surigao Strait (秋冬制服＆スリガオ海峡突入) CGs.
#Various graphics have been updated, including the World icons at the bottom of the Sortie menu, and some graphics in the Home Port / Main Menu.
#The maximum possible number of ship slots has been increased to 350, and the maximum possible number of equipment slots has been increased to 1500.
#*10 ship slots and 40 equipment slots per purchase.
#The "Type 17 Big Catch Flag" furniture item (that was a reward during the Naval District Saury Festival 2017) has also been updated.

[[Category:Game Updates]]