#[[Yura]] has received a second remodel.
#*This remodel '''requires''' a [[Blueprint]].
#*Her second remodel comes with a multi-functional aft slope.
#**So far, it has been confirmed that her second remodel can equip both [[Daihatsu]] (plus variants), as well as the [[Type A Ko-hyoteki]] to enable Opening Torpedoes.
#*Her second remodel also allows her to operate a larger variety of seaplanes, although the number of planes that can be equipped is still relatively small.
#*Finally, her second remodel also comes with some new voice lines.
#**This includes new hourly voice lines, available after her second remodel.
#**Separately, Yura has also received an update to her Marriage voice lines, for both during as well as after (in the main menu, as your secretary ship) the [[Marriage]] sequence.
#A new Fit Gun bonus for Small Calibre Single High-Angle Gun Mounts has been added to the game.
#*New Fit Gun bonuses for the Mutsuki-class DDs, Kamikaze-class DDs, and Yura have also been added to the game.
#**The specific Fit Gun bonuses vary according to ship type.
#The Fit Gun bonus for the [[15.2cm Twin Gun Mount]] for CLs has been strengthened.
#The Fit Gun bonus for the [[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount (Main)]] for some CLs and CAs has also been strengthened.
#*Again, the specific Fit Gun bonuses vary according to ship type.
#The [[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount (Secondary)]] can now be used in conjunction with a Main Gun to enable more accurate attacks when both are equipped on a Yamato-class BB.
#*The effectiveness of this accuracy bonus is dependent upon the type of Main Gun equipped.
#Addition of [[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai (Main)]] and [[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai (Secondary)]] to the game.
#*These pieces of equipment can be acquired via [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]].
#*In order to upgrade their base forms into these improved pieces of equipment, the "New Type Artillery Armament Materials" item (新型砲熕兵装資材) is necessary.
#**New quests that have been added as of this update will reward the "New Type Artillery Armament Materials" item upon completion.
#*Both pieces of equipment can also be further improved after they have been upgraded from their base forms.
#*Furthermore, at the maximum possible improvement level (10 Stars / Max), it is also possible to convert each gun from one form to another (Main to Secondary, as well as vice versa).
#**Please note that the improvement level will '''decrease slightly''' each time this conversion is performed.
#New Equipment:
#*[[Type 0 Recon SeaPlane Model 11 B]]
#**This is an improved model of the [[Type 0 Recon Seaplane]].
#**This equipment can be obtained as one of Yura K2's default pieces of equipment.
#**It will also be obtainable via [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] in the future.
#*[[Zuiun (634 Air Group/Skilled)]]
#Updates to [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] - the following equipment is now improvable:
#*[[Zuiun]]
#*[[Zuiun (634 Air Group)]]
#*[[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount (Secondary)]]
#*[[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai (Main)]] 
#*[[15.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai (Secondary)]]
#*As always, the 2nd Ship required to perform these improvements varies according to the piece of equipment and day of the week.
#New Quests - a total of 7 new quests have been added:
#*Reorganize the Elite "Fourth Carrier Division"!！
#*Organize the New 4th Torpedo Squadron!
#*Elite "Fourth Carrier Division", Weigh Anchor!
#*Flagship Yura, Weigh Anchor!
#*Utilizing Radar Technology for Shooting Equipment
#*Cooperation of the Consumer Industry
#*Organize the Elite "Zuiun" Group
#*Various prerequisite quests may need to be completed before the above quests will show up in your quest list.
#*It is possible to obtain Medals by completing some of these new quests.
#*It is also possible to obtain a Furniture Fairy / Furniture Fairies by completing some of these new quests.
#Bugfixes:
#*Fixed an issue with the Zuiun furniture's dance gimmick.
#*Fixed an error / errors in the display for the Equipment List.
#[[Sendai]] has received hourly voice lines, as well as some new voice lines that will play after her second remodel.
#Stat Adjustments for [[Kinu]], [[Ise]], and [[Hyuuga]]
#*Kinu K2 has received a slight boost to her Torpedo and ASW stats.
#*Ise Kai and Hyuuga Kai have received a slight boost to their maximum Firepower stats.
#New furniture:
#*【"Zuiun Spirit" Hanging Scroll】
#**This piece of furniture requires a Furniture Fairy in order to be obtained. One can be acquired by completing some of the new quests listed above.
#New (temporary) CGs for Ise Kai and Hyuuga Kai.
#*Both ships have received CGs to commemorate the recently-held [[Zuiun Festival]].


[[Category:Game Updates]]