'''March 27th, 2019''' ''Hyuuga Kai 2 Update''

# '''Shipgirl changes'''
#* Ise-class Aviation Battleship Hyuuga has received her Kai Ni remodel.
#** Implements the similar mechanics to Ise Kai Ni, becoming a "Modernized Aviation Battleship".
#*** Can only equip guns in the first two slots.
#*** Can equip dive bombers, Zuiuns, deck fighters and ASW aircraft.
#*** Operates 5 equipment slots.
#** Operates potentially powerful ASW with the use of Autogyroes. 
#** Requires two Blueprints, a Prototype Deck Catapult, an Action Report, a set of New Model Aerial Armament Material and a bunch of Development Materials.
#*** All these can be acquired with new quests.
#** Comes with a new set of voice lines.
#*** Hyuuga Kai voice lines were also updated.
#* Ise Kai Ni as well as Hyuuga Kai Ni have received a new special attack - "Air/Sea Multi-Angle Attack".
#* Uzuki drop rate has been increased in some of the early maps. It's rabbit season!
#* Yugumo Kai Ni has received a Bouquet mode CG.
#* Matsuwa has received a Cherry Blossom mode CG.
#* Tsushima and Fukae drops have been removed and replaced by Matsuwa drop. Sado is still available in regular maps.
# '''Audio changes'''
#* A new BGM, "Sky of the Zuiun" has been implemented
#** You can listen to it in various maps, as well as with the Jukebox.
#* "Wake of DesRon2" BGM has been added to the Jukebox.
#* New Hanami voice lines for Mutsu, Nelson, Samuel B. Roberts, Kishinami, Shinyou, Gotland and many more.
# '''Equipment changes'''
#* Prototype Nanzan, F4U-1D, FM-2, Ju87C Kai and its other versions as well as the newly implemented Suisei Model 12 (634 Air Group w/ Type 3 Cluster Bombs) can now participate in anti-installation combat.
#* Zuiuns will now have their own unique artwork during the air combat phase of the battle.
#* Implementation of new Autogyros
#** O Type Observation Autogyro Kai
#** O Type Observation Autogyro Kai Ni
#* Implementation of a new type of equipment - Helicopters
#** S-51J and S-51J Kai
#** They are both ASW focused aircraft.
#* New elite Zuiun squadrons have been implemented
#** Zuiun Kai Ni (634 Air Group)
#** Zuiun Kai Ni (634 Air Group / Skilled)
# '''Akashi Arsenal changes'''
#* Ka Type Observation Autogyro, O Type Observation Autogyro Kai and Kai Ni can now be improved and upgraded.
#* S-51J can be improved and upgraded into S-51J Kai.
#* Zuiun Kai Ni (634 Air Group) can be upgraded into Zuiun Kai Ni (634 Air Group / Skilled) with the help of Hyuuga Kai Ni.
# '''Furniture changes'''
#* The furniture shop has been updated with new and returning cherry- and Uzuki-themed items:
#** Cherry Blossom Floor
#** Admiral's Writing Desk
#** Uzuki's Floor
#** Uzuki's Window
#** Uzuki's Desk
#** Uzuki's Wall Scroll etc.
# '''Quest changes'''
#* Development of Rotorcraft
#* Research of New Aircraft Rigging
#* Aircraft Exercise
#* Large-scale Spring Exercise (replaces the Large-scale Winter Exercise mission)
#* Aviation Battleship Division, Scout and Engage!
#* Top-class "CarDiv 4", Sortie!"
#* Formation of a Top-class "Zuiun" Squadron
#* Research of New "Suisei" Dive Bomber Utility

[[Category: Game Updates]]