'''September 28th, 2021''' ''Yamakaze Kai Ni Update''

#'''[[Summer 2021 Event]] has come to an end'''
#'''Naval Base Bar and Admiral & Secretary Desk update'''
#* All 4 new ships introduced in the event have been given appropriate food for mentioned furniture.
#'''Summer Swimsuit CG and Voice lines have ended'''
#* Said CGs can be viewed in the Library
#'''Yukata Mode and Happi Coat mode fully implemented'''
#* Yukata Mode has been given to [[Victorious]], [[Conte di Cavour]], [[I-203]], [[Honolulu]], and [[Northampton]]
#* All past CGs for prior Kanmusu have returned
#* Along with past voice lines, new fall voices lines been given to [[Nelson]], [[Makinami]], [[Suzunami]] and [[Souya]].
#* Yuugumo K2 class DD are now in Autumn / Winter Uniforms
#'''Furniture Update'''
#* The following new furniture has been added:
#** Candy Apple Stand & Die Cutter
#** Black Tea Country Admiral's Table and Secretary Desk
#** Cake Display
#** Yamakaze's Small Hanging Shelf
# '''Seasonal Furniture Update'''
#* Various Furniture have been updated for the fall season
#'''Limited time Quests have ended'''
#* Operation Mermaid Shore and Operation Siren Shore have ended along with the Mediterranean Quests from the Event.
#* Large Scale Summer Practice has been changed to Large Scale Fall Practice.
#'''New Quests'''
#* The following new quests are now available:
#** [Exportation of steel materials] Increase land base air power!
#** Strengthening escort for maritime transport routes
#** Increased production of adjusted and modified "Active Sonar"
#** Yamakaze Kai Ni, Weigh Anchor!
#** Shiratsuyu-Class Destroyer "Yamakaze Kai Ni" will fight hard!
#'''Ship Buff'''
#* The following ships have been provided the following buffs:
#** [[Isuzu Kai Ni]] - Max Evasion up, Max Firepower Up, Luck Up
#** [[Kinugasa Kai Ni]] - Max Torpedo Up, LoS Up
#** [[Aoba Kai]] - Max Armor Up, Max Evasion Up
#** [[Miyuki Kai]] - Max Firepower Up, LoS up
#** [[Kamikaze Kai]] - Max Armor up, Max Torpedo up, LoS up
#** [[Harukaze Kai]] - ASW up, LoS up
#** [[Shigure Kai Ni]] - Max Torpedo Up, ASW up, LoS up
#'''New Equipment'''
#* [[Type 3 Active Sonar Kai]] is now available and can be earned from quests.
#** It also provides a bonus for a certain Japanese Destroyer
#'''Akashi Improvement Arsenal'''
#* [[Shiden Kai 2]] can now be improved and upgraded into a [[Shiden Kai 4]]
#* [[Shiden Kai 4]] can be improved.
#* The following equipment has been updated, the schedules of helper ships has been changed.
#** [[Type 13 Air Radar]]
#** [[8cm High-angle Gun]]
#** [[8cm High-angle Gun Kai + Additional Machine Guns]]
#** [[90mm Single High-angle Gun Mount]]
#* [[Anti-torpedo Bulge (Large)]] can be improved and upgraded with a certain Dreadnought
#** Said Dreadnought can upgrade said bulges into the [[Pugliese-Type Underwater Bulkhead]]
#* [[Pugliese-Type Underwater Bulkhead]] can now be improved
#** [[Pugliese-Type Underwater Bulkhead]] will now provide additional bonuses among Italians ships that can equip them
#* [[Type 3 Active Sonar Kai]] can be improved
#'''ASW Synergy Buffs'''
#* Visible bonuses will now finally apply to all destroyers that use ASW equipment with visible bonus further enhancing ASW damage along with synergy attacks.
#* Visible ASW buffs for Escort Carriers and Coastal Defense ships will be updated on a later date.
#'''Shiden Kai 4 buff'''
#*[[Shiden Kai 4]] will provide bonuses to a certain Japanese carrier
#'''UI Update'''
#* Fleet HQ Information will now display Land Base Maintenance Levels
#'''[[Yamakaze Kai Ni]]'''
#* [[Yamakaze]] now has a 2nd remodel which will require a blueprint and Action Report
#* She also has a Kai Ni D Remodel that requires extensive training that will allow her to take up the role of ASW and Anti installation combat.
[[Category:Game Updates]]