#End of the Zuiun Festival
#*A free Furniture Fairy will be provided to all players in commemoration of this event.
#[[Fusou]] and [[Yamashiro]] have received "Zuiun Mode" CGs.
#Updates to [[Naka|Naka K2]]:
#*Naka K2 has received new hourly voice lines, as well as certain new voice lines that will play after her second remodel.
#*Naka K2's maximum ASW and AA stats have also been increased.
#[[Furutaka]], [[Fujinami]], [[Asashimo]], [[Ayanami]], and [[Shikinami]] have received Yukata CGs.
#*Fujinami's summer voice line(s) have also been altered slightly.
#[[Naganami]] has received a "Fried Rice Mode" CG.
#[[Mogami]], [[Mikuma]], and [[Umikaze]] have received "Swimsuit Mode" CGs.
#*Umikaze has also received new Summer voice lines.
#*Mogami and Mikuma's CGs are part of an upcoming collaboration with a department store that begins the day after tomorrow.
#Bugfixes for improvements made to the [[Type 0 Fighter Model 63 (Fighter-bomber)]].
#Updates to the Furniture Store:
#*艦隊氷旗
#*業務用かき氷器
#*鎮守府浜茶屋
#*浜茶屋の窓
#*浜茶屋の床
#*浜茶屋の仮設壁板
#*文月の壁紙 new!
#*文月の窓 new!
#*鎮守府風鈴
#*鎮守府夏時間の窓 (※昨年夏イベント2016:海域突破褒章家具)
#**(Previously available from the Summer 2016 Event)
#*「日向」の掛け軸 new! (※鎮守府「瑞雲」祭り記念高級家具)
#**(In commemoration of the Zuiun Festival) 
#*「伊勢」の掛け軸 new! (※同上)
#**(Also in commemoration of the Zuiun Festival)
#Updates to Summer Voice Lines:
#*A number of ships have received updates to their summer voice lines.
#New Quests: A total of 2 new quests have been added.
#*精鋭「第二二駆逐隊」を再編成せよ！
#*精鋭「第二二駆逐隊」出撃せよ！
#*Various prerequisite quests may need to be completed before the above quests will show up in your quest list.
#The seasonal PvP quest 「春季大演習」 has ended (i.e. it has been removed from the game, unless you already completed it).
#Fumizuki has received a second remodel.
#*No Blueprint is required for this remodel.
#*There are also some new voice lines that will play after her second remodel.
#Increase in Level Cap:
#*The maximum level of a (married) ship has been raised from '''155''' to '''165'''.
#**No special items are required for this.
#Other various backend preparations for the upcoming Summer Event next month.

[[Category:Game Updates]]