'''June 19th, 2020''' ''Pre Summer 2020 Event mini update''

#'''Server and Database has been strengthened in preparation for the event'''
#* Maximum Ship capacity has increased from 450 to 460 Ships.
#* Maximum Equipment capacity cap has been increased by 40.
# '''New Equipment'''
#* New equipment: [[12cm Single High-angle Gun Mount Model E]] has been released.
#** Gun is suited for DEs but is not very strong
#** Gun will provide fit bonuses among certain DEs
#** Gun can be obtained through the remodeled Mikura-class, Hiburi-class, certain DEs, DDs and CLs as part of their default equipment.
# '''Akashi Improvement Arsenal Update'''
# [[12cm Single High-angle Gun Mount Model E]] can be improved through certain ships over the week.
# '''CG update'''
#* [[Akebono]] and [[Oboro]] have been given their 7th Anniversary CG along with special voice lines.
#'''UI and Bug Fixes'''
#* [[LBAS]] has been improved to remove a bug that can possibly crash the game when organizing planes in your base.
#* Sorting LBAS planes without mouse clicks has been improved.
# '''Android Game Client Bug Fixes and Improvements'''
#* Composition logs have been fixed in certain environments
#* Type 1 Land Attacker Model 22 now displays properly in equipment library.
# '''Gotland Sheep Easter Egg Game Improvement'''
#* The following changes have been made with the hidden game as it enters "Flight II":
#** Sequence 1 and 2 have been updated and now include large planes.
#** Slightly improved Shuusui's damage capabilities in mini game.
#** Slightly improved display to allow Gotland Sheep to be more visible as it damages planes
#** New sequence added: Extra Sequence
#'''Event will commence next weekend'''
[[Category:Game Updates]]