{{UpdateBar
|PrevDate = January 7
|PrevYear = 2016
|NextDate = February 10
|NextYear = 2016
}}
'''January 19th, 2016''' ''Kasumi Kai Ni update''

#'''[[Kasumi|Kasumi Kai Ni Remodel]]'''
#: Kasumi will have an "extremely high [remodeling] level".
#* The usage of "extremely high level" was previously only used on LV77 or higher remodels. (Kasumi Kai Ni remodels at Lv75.)
#* Blueprints will not be needed.
#'''Kasumi Kai Ni B'''
#: Kasumi Kai Ni could be converted to "Kasumi Kai Ni B" at an even higher level (Lv88) to gain bolstered AA capability.
#* This remodel will not require Blueprints or Development Materials.
#* It will be possible to re-convert her back to "Kasumi Kai Ni" which has more balanced stats.
#'''Quests'''
#: Two new quests are implemented:
#* Flagship "Kasumi" Patrol the Northern Sea!
#* Deploy Flagship "Kasumi"! Eliminate the Enemy Fleet!
#'''AACI Fire for Fleet Anti-Air Escort Ship'''
#: By equipping a High Angle gun, AA Radar and a Machine Gun, Kasumi Kai Ni B can use AACI. She can also do so using only the High Angle gun and Machine Gun  at a lower effectiveness.
#'''New Furniture'''
#: Listing updated for January/''Mutsuki''
#* Mutsuki's Window ''*new*''
#* Mutsuki's Table ''*new*''
#* Setsubun "Bean Throwing" Set
#* Adult Setsubun Set
#* Aircraft Carrier Stained Glass ''*will costs a lot of furniture coins*''
#* Aviation Battleship Stained Glass ''*will costs a lot of furniture coins*''
#'''Dynamic Furniture Coin Discount'''
#: If you lack furniture coins but still want furniture that costs a lot, you can now use a Furniture Fairy for '''Dynamic Furniture Coin Discount'''.
#'''Furniture Box Opening UI Updated'''
#: Now you can choose to either open All/Half/10 at a time.
#'''Slight Modification to Furniture'''
#: The two hot spring bath furnitures have been slightly updated to fit the season. The Naval Base Counter Bar now returns to normal operation.
#'''Naval Base Slot Expansion Expanded'''
#: Maximum ships that can be held increased by 10 to 280; equipment maximum now 1220.
#'''Isuzu Kai Ni AACI Improved'''
#: Isuzu Kai Ni's AACI effectiveness has been increased. Also, she can now utilize the ''Fleet Anti-Air Escort Ship'' AACI.
#'''Mizuho & Kiyoshimo Get Setsubun Mode'''
#: Their CGs are changed slightly.
#'''Setsubun Voice Implemented'''
#: Over 90 ships have Setsubun lines (both new and old).

''Undocumented:''
# Ornament materials were removed.
# Limited-time New Year CG and voices were removed.
# Kasumi gains specialty with regards to equipment at Kai Ni and Kai Ni B:
#* At Kai Ni, she can equip Fleet Command Facility and Daihatsu. At Kai Ni B, she can equip large radars such as [[FuMO25 Radar]].

[[Category:Game Updates]]