'''January 13th 2021''' ''Setsubun and Kuma Kai Ni update''

#'''The Fall 2020 Event, Escort! Fleet Transport Operation has ended'''
#* New Year quests have been removed.
#* The clear rates among admirals who sortied to the corresponding map at least once are as follows:
#** E-1: ~90%
#** E-2: ~98%
#** E-3: ~95%
#** E-4: ~90%
#* The most commonly selected difficulty are as follows:
#** Main Operation: Hard mode by a large margin
#** Extra Operation: Tied between Hard and Casual until halfway through, then ultimately Hard mode
#'''Removal of Haregi CGs & New Year voice lines'''
#'''Setsubun Festival returns'''
#* It's time to cast the demons out and bring good fortune in!
#* Beans can be earned through Setsubun Quests from the [[Setsubun Mini-Event]].
#* The beans can be exchanged for rewards such as special LBAS planes: [[Ginga]] and [[Type 4 Heavy Bomber Hiryuu]].
#'''Setsubun Voice Lines'''
#* New voice lines have been added for: [[Matsu]], [[Take]], [[Washington]], [[South Dakota]], [[Hornet]], [[Helena]], [[Sheffield]], [[Jingei]] and [[Usugumo]].
#'''Setsubun CGs'''
#* New Setsubun CGs for: [[Oboro]], [[I-47]], [[Jingei]] and [[Houshou]].
#'''New Furniture for Setsubun'''
#'''New Limited-Time Setsubun Festival Quests'''
#* Setsubun Exercises!
#* Reiwa 3 Setsubun Operation
#* Reiwa 3 Setsubun Expedition Mission
#* Reiwa 3 Western Sea Setsubun Operation
#* Reiwa 3 Setsubun Operation, All Hands On Deck!
#'''New Permanent Quests'''
#* Preparations for the Reinforcement of our Air Force
#* Large-scale Winter Exercises
#* Kuma-class CL name ship, beary eager to sortie!
#'''Akashi's Improvement Arsenal Updates'''
#* With the help of a certain Japanese battleship girl, the [[Type 96 Land Attacker|Type 96 Land-based Attack Aircraft]] can be improved.
#** It can also be further upgraded into the [[Type 1 Land Attacker|Type 1 Land-based Attack Aircraft]].
#* [[Kamoi]] can now improve the [[Bomb-carrying Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model III Kai (65th Squadron)]].
#** The AA evasion of this has also been improved.
#* With the help of certain ship girls, the [[Type 4 Heavy Bomber Hiryuu]] can now be improved.
#** This can also be upgraded into the [[Type 4 Heavy Bomber Hiryuu (Skilled)]].
#* With the help of a certain ship girl, the [[Daihatsu Landing Craft]] can be improved.
#** With said ship, it can soon be upgraded into a new DLC-related equipment.
#'''New Limited-Time Ship Drops'''
#* The following ships girls are now available as drops in certain maps for a limited time: [[Noshiro]], [[Jingei]] and [[Shinshuu Maru]].
#'''Stat Buffs'''
#* [[Tama|Tama Kai Ni]]: Increased firepower and ASW
#* [[Yura|Yura Kai Ni]]: Increased firepower and LOS
#* [[Kinu|Kinu Kai Ni]]: Increased firepower and ASW
#'''[[Kuma|Kuma Kai Ni]] Remodel'''
#* Requires a blueprint.
#* Has new voice lines.
#'''[[Kuma|Kuma Kai Ni D]] Remodel'''
#* Can't equip aircraft or torpedoes, but can equip midget subs and DLCs.
#'''New Casual Wear CG for [[Sakawa]]'''
[[Category:Game Updates]]