{{UpdateBar
|PrevDate = February 24
|PrevYear = 2016
|NextDate = March 11
|NextYear = 2016
}}
'''Feburary 29th, 2016''' ''End of Winter Event /Kanmusus [[Seasonal/Spring Peach Festival 2016|Peach Festival]] Update''

# '''The End of the Winter Event "Sortie, Operation Rei-Go!"
#*The [[Winter 2016 Event]] "Sortie! Operation Rei-Go"has now concluded. Thanks go out to Admirals who participated in the operation.
# '''Satsuki Kai Ni'''
#*[[Satsuki]] will receive her second remodel. 
#** Blueprints are not required.
#** Some voice lines, such as her naval base voices, have been updated.
#**Satsuki will need to be a high level (75) to receive her second remodel.
#'''Kanmusu Peach Festival line'''
#* Currently a total of 10 Kanmusu, including [[Yamato]], will receive lines for the [[Seasonal/Spring Peach Festival 2016#Voices|Peach Festival]].
#'''Married Secratery Lines for [[Yamato|Yamato Kai]], [[Yuugumo|Yuugumo Kai]], [[Makigumo|Makigumo Kai]], [[Naganami|Naganami Kai]], and [[Akigumo|Akigumo Kai]]
#'''Coming of Spring line'''
#*A total of 10 Kanmusu, including [[Shoukaku]], will be getting new lines for the coming of Spring.
#'''[[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] update'''
#*Akashi will now be able to improve [[Prototype 35.6cm Triple Gun Mount]], [[35.6cm Twin Gun Mount (Dazzle Camouflage)]], and [[Prototype 41cm Triple Gun Mount]] with help of certain Kanmusus.
#*Akashi can also improve [[Type 0 Observation Seaplane]] and [[Ro.43 Recon Seaplane]]. In addition, the latter can be upgraded to an [[Ro.44 Seaplane Fighter]].
#'''Seaplane Fighter Category'''
#*Seaplane fighters are now separated into their own category. 
#'''Seaplane Fighter Usage'''
#*Seaplane fighters can now be equipped to [[Yamato|Yamato Kai]], [[Musashi|Musashi Kai]], [[Nagato|Nagato Kai]], and [[Mutsu|Mutsu Kai]].
#'''[[Ro.43 Recon Seaplane]] Can Be Developed'''
#*Under certain conditions, Ro.43 Recon Seaplanes can be developed at the factory.
#'''End of [[Seasonal/Valentine's Day 2016|Valentine Seasonal CG and Voices]]'''
#'''Changed Furniture Shop Listing'''
#'''Peach Festival! "Hishi-Mochi" Given as Present.'''
#*No "Hishi-Mochi" gathering this year! Instead, all admirals who log in before the next maintenance will be given one "Hishi-Mochi".
#'''Naval Base Counter Bar Upgraded'''
#*Updated attributes for [[Zara]], [[Okinami]] and [[Hatsuzuki]]. A certain food is also added for a limited time for each of them!
#'''Mission Girl / Item Shop Girl Time-Limited CG'''
#*The [[NPC]]s that carry out those roles will attempt to sortie with their Seasonal CGs.
#'''[[Verniy]] Able to Equip [[Daihatsu]] and Armor Bulge'''
#'''2 New [[Quests]]'''
#*Organize the "31st Squadron (1st gen.)"!
#*Deploy the "31st Squadron (1st gen.)"!
#'''[[Mobile Version Lottery|Pre-Registration for Utilizing Fleet via Android OS]]'''
#*Until the next maintenance, the planned spot for "allied fleets" will temporarily be replaced by a button for pre-registration in order to utilize the fleet via Android. Admirals who wish to utilize their fleet in advance on Android OS, please set the slider to "Register". We will choose about 100,000 Admirals (as much as we could allow those who wish to do so) among those who have set the slider to "Register" and invite them to utilize their fleet in advance of others.
#'''Mizuho can found in the [[World 5|Southern Water (World 5)]]'''
#*[[Mizuho]] can now be encountered in the Southern Ocean Waters somewhere...



[[Category:Game Updates]]
[[Category:Mutsuki Class]]
[[Category:Spring]]