'''February 28, 2017''' ''End of Winter 2017 Event Update / Zara K2 Update''

#The '''[[Winter 2017 Event]]''' has ended.
#'''[[Zara]] has received her second remodel (Due)'''.
#*This remodel '''will''' require a [[Blueprint]].
#*Some new voice lines are included with this second remodel.
#*The second remodel is noted to have "heavy armour" and "high firepower", which will be advantageous during day battles.
#*Her main guns are now upgradeable.
#*An aircraft hangar has also been added (presumably implying that she has an increased capacity for aircraft).
#*Lastly, you will be able to obtain a new bulge by completing a quest involving Zara's new remodel.
#'''New Quests''': A total of '''six''' new quests, including Spring Quarterly/Seasonal Quests and a quest related to Zara's new remodel, have been added.
#*'''Hishimochi''' and '''Reinforcement Expansion Slot(s)''' will also be obtainable from these new quests.
#*Spring Preparation Mission: Hina Matsuri Preparations!
#*Spring Preparation Mission: Carry out the Hina Matsuri Preparations!
#*Submarine Fleet, Carry out and Patrol the Central Waters!
#*Heavy Armored Curiser, Embark into the Iron Bottom Strait!
#*Strengthening Of Submarine Armaments
#* Organize the Seiran 631 Air Group!
#*As always, certain prerequisite quests may need to be completed in order to trigger these new quests.
#'''Updates to Akashi's Improvement Arsenal:'''
#*[[Submarine Radar and Waterproof Periscope]] can now be upgraded in the Arsenal.
#**Although it cannot currently be upgraded to become the [[Submarine Radar and Radio Direction Finder (E27)]], this will be implemented during a later update.
#*[[203mm / 53 Twin Gun Mount]] can now be upgraded in the Arsenal.
#*[[Anti-torpedo Bulge (Medium)]] can now be upgraded as well.
#**It can also be upgraded to become a new piece of equipment, [[New Design Anti-Torpedo Bulge (Medium)]].
#*[[New Design Anti-Torpedo Bulge (Medium)]] can also be upgraded in the Arsenal.
#*The availability of upgrades is dependent on the day of the week and the second ship in the fleet.
#'''The craft rate for the [[Type 93 SONAR]] has been increased.'''
#*Any ship from a torpedo squadron (CLs or DDs) must be the secretary ship while crafting.
#*A recipe for sonars must be used while crafting.
#*No changes have been made to the recipes for sonars themselves.
#'''New (& Seasonal) Furniture:'''
#*Yayoi's Wallpaper new!
#*Green Japanese Wallpaper
#*Spring Coloured Wallpaper
#*Pink Concrete Wall
#*Futon and Pillow
#*Remodelling Cleaning Set
#*"First Spring" Hanging Scroll
#* Yayoi's Window
#* Peach Festival Window
#* Doodle Floor
#* Battleship Tile Floor
#* Kanmusu Cushion Floor
#* Yayoi's Arrangement new!
#* Mogami Ship Model on Chested Drawers 
#* Hina Dolls of Nagato and Mutsu
#* Gorgeous Four Floor Hina Doll Set
#'''Updates to the Anchorage Counter Bar:'''
#*The Anchorage Counter Bar has been updated for the new season (Hinamatsuri / Peach Festival).
#**The Bar has been updated to change based on the new ships from the latest event as well.
#**The standard contents for the Bar will also show up where applicable.
#**Said contents will also change according to the time of the day.
#*An explanation for new players:
#**The Anchorage Counter Bar is a special piece of furniture that changes what it displays (food and drinks) according to which ship is currently your secretary ship.
#**Aside from Furniture Coins, a Furniture Fairy is also required to obtain this piece of furniture.
#**You can obtain a Furniture Fairy from the new Spring Quarterly/Seasonal Quests.
#'''Updates to the Jukebox:'''
#*New music has been added to the Jukebox.
#*The price (in Furniture Coins) for selecting new music from the Jukebox has been reduced.
#*Also, the order of displaying the choices for music has been updated, and the seasonal BGM (e.g. '''Peach Festival with Kanmusu''' for the current season) will be displayed first.
#'''End of seasonal content:'''
#*Winter / Setsubun / Valentine's seasonal content has come to an end, and the corresponding CGs and voice lines have been removed.
#**CGs have been added to the Encyclopaedia.
#'''Updates to plane graphics and sprites:'''
#*The [[Zero Fighter Type 21]] and [[Zero Fighter Type 21 (Skilled)]] have received new graphics.
#*The [[Prototype Nanzan]] and [[Zuiun (631 Air Group)]] have also received new sprites that will be displayed during the Air Battle phase.
#'''New voice lines & CG for Hinamatsuri / Peach Festival 2017:'''
#*Aside from the recurring voice lines from the previous years, [[Amatsukaze]], [[Taigei]] (including Ryuuhou), [[Commandant Teste]], and [[Yamakaze]] have received new voice lines.
#*[[Mizuho]] and [[Commandant Teste]] have also received new CGs for this season / event.
#*[[Ushio]] and Ushio Kai Ni have both received new CGs for this season / event as well.
#*[[Yamakaze]] has received a new CG corresponding to this season / event too.
[[Category:Game Updates]]