'''May 22nd, 2017''' ''Post Spring Event 2017 Update''

#End of the [[Spring 2017 Event]]
#*The [[Spring 2017 Event]] has come to an end.
#End of Bouquet CGs for [[Yuugumo]], [[Naganami]], [[Harusame|Harusame Kai]], and [[Mizuho]]
#*The Bouquet CGs for the above ships have been removed from the game.
#Updates to the Naval Base Counter Bar
#*The Naval Base Counter Bar has been updated to include relevant food and/or drinks for the new ships from the most recent event.
#New / Returning furniture has been added to the game:
#*しょうぶ和箪笥
#*皐月の壁紙
#*皐月の窓
#*皐月の机
#*コンクリート壁
#*レインコート＆傘掛け
#*村雨の窓 new!
#*藤の壁紙
#*藤と水面の床
#*新緑のフローリング
#*新緑の壁紙
#*戦艦タイルの床
#*てるてる坊主の窓
#*「なのです」掛け軸
#*「長門」模型と桐箪笥
#*梅雨の壁紙
#*梅雨の季節の床
#*梅雨の緑カーテン窓
#*紫陽花のステンドグラス
#*水無月の壁紙 new!
#*水無月の窓 new!
#New BGM(s) have been added the game:
#*【連合艦隊旗艦】 - This BGM can be heard while sortieing to Worlds 4 & 5, but will also be the default track for the main menu if you have the furniture 【「長門」模型と桐箪笥】 present in your room.
#The Jukebox has also been updated.
#*This includes the addition of the BGM 【連合艦隊旗艦】 to the Jukebox.
# New Quests: A total of 4 new quests have been added to the game.
#*輸送船団護衛を強化せよ！
#*海上護衛体制の強化に努めよ！
#*新編「第一戦隊」を編成せよ！
#*新編「第一戦隊」、抜錨せよ！
#*As always, certain prerequisite conditions may have to be met before these quests show up in your quest log.
#Bugfixes/Updates.
#*Fixed Taiyou's voice lines (first remodel for [[Kasuga Maru]]), which were not playing properly before this.
#*Fixed some problems with Secondary Guns improved via Akashi's Improvement Arsenal not behaving as intended (this was actually fixed at the beginning of the Spring 2017 Event).
#Servers have been updated/reorganised, and some servers will be reopened for new players to join.
#Updates to Nagato Kai's voice lines.
#*Nagato has received hourly voice lines that will play from her first remodel (Nagato Kai) onwards.
#Addition of Nagato K2 to the game.
#*A '''Blueprint''' is required for this remodel.
#*Although the remodel may not appear particularly powerful at first glance, it comes with "multiple unique features".
#**Although Nagato K2 remains a slow battleship with heavy armour, her speed can be improved to fast(er) levels through the use of the appropriate equipment.
#**In addition to the conventional fit gun bonuses, Nagato K2 includes her own special weaponry features.
#**Nagato K2 also comes equipped with the [[Prototype 41cm Triple Gun Mount]].
#***Aside from this providing a fit gun bonus (as mentioned above), with the correct equipment configuration(s), Nagato K2 can also provide highly effective / accurate shelling during both day and night battle phases.
#**By deploying Nagato K2 together with Mutsu Kai, it is possible to acquire the [[New Design Anti-Torpedo Bulge (Large)]] through the completion of one of the above new quests.
#**Again, as was previously mentioned, Nagato K2 comes with her own unique equipment configurations, and some equipment other than battle-oriented equipment can also be used.
#***So far, in terms of game mechanics, this has been shown to include the ability to equip most guns (including DD and CL/CA guns), as well as the Daihatsu and all of its variants.

[[Category:Game Updates]]