{{UpdateBar
|PrevDate = February 29
|PrevYear = 2016
|NextDate = March 19
|NextYear = 2016
}}

'''11 March 2016 Update''': White Day update

# '''[[Seasonal/White Day 2016#Voices|White Day voices]] implemented'''
#* Including lines reused from last year, there are about 110 White Day voice lines.
# '''End of Peach Festival voiced lines'''
#* The Peach Festival voiced lines implemented [[Game Updates/2016/February 29|last update]] are removed. The Coming of Spring voiced lines implemented in the same update can still be heard, though.
# '''[[25mm Autocannon|25mm Single Autocannon Mount]] Can be Developed''' 
#*Note that the equipment can be upgraded, but this will convert it into [[25mm Twin Autocannon Mount]]'''.
#*This equipment can be improved with a very low cost.
# '''New Upgrades Available in [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]'''
#* [[25mm Autocannon|25mm Single Autocannon Mount]] can be improved. In addition, more kanmusus will be able to help with improving the [[25mm Twin Autocannon Mount|twin]] and [[25mm Triple Autocannon Mount|triple]] versions of it.
#* [[Type 0 Recon Seaplane]] can be improved, and with max improvement, it can be upgraded to [[Type 2 Seaplane Fighter Kai]] by consuming multiple [[Zero Fighter Type 21]].
# '''New Seaplane Fighter Available'''
#* The new seaplane fighter [[Type 2 Seaplane Fighter Kai]] has been implemented. By consuming multiple [[Zero Fighter Type 21]], it is possible to upgrade a max-improved [[Type 0 Recon Seaplane]] into the Type 2 Seaplane Fighter Kai.
# '''New Map Available'''
#* A new map has been implemented deep in the [[World 6#6-4|Central Waters]]. Depending on your fleet makeup, the route you take will vary greatly. In addition, at the end of the new map, [[Isolated Island Princess]] and [[Battery Imp]] await.
# '''Regarding New Enemy [[Battery Imp]]'''
#* [[Type 3 Shell]] is not effective against [[Battery Imp]] despite it being a land target. Multiple equipments will be effective against it, however.
# '''2 New Missions'''
#* Organize the "27th Destroyer Division"!
#* Deploy the "27th Destroyer Division"!
#: Clearing both will reward you with a new piece of spring furniture!
# '''Beef Bowl CG Mode for [[Akashi#Upgrade|Akashi Kai]], [[Ooyodo#Upgrade|Ooyodo Kai]], [[Shigure#Second Upgrade|Shigure Kai Ni]], and [[Ryuujou#Second Upgrade|Ryuujou Kai Ni]]'''
# '''Updates to Naval Base Counter Bar'''
#* The Combat Ration version have been updated slightly.
# '''New BGM Available'''
#* "Kanmusu And Admiral's Dining Table" implemented, with a kind dining mood feeling.
# '''New Furnishings Available'''
# '''Cookies for Kanmusu on Sale'''
# '''New Voiced Lines for the Mission Girl'''
#* Depending on your progress, she will now speak different lines.
# '''Closure of Registration for Android Advance Release'''
#* Those who are chosen will be notified after the next maintenance.

[[Category:Game Updates]]