'''June 13th, 2018''' ''Ise Kai Ni / Rainy Season 2018 Update''
#[[Ise]] has received her second remodel.
#*Ise's second remodel is a 改装航空戦艦(戦闘航空母艦) [Modified Aviation Battleship (Battle Carrier)] class ship. (Translation pending.)
#*This is a large-scale hypothetical ("if") remodel.
#*The second remodel requires '''2 Blueprints''', a Prototype Catapult, an Action Report, and various other materials.
#**Medals, Action Report(s), and Prototype Catapult(s) will be obtainable via quests.
#*Only her '''first and second''' slots can equip '''Main Guns'''.
#**They can also equip aircraft should you wish to do so.
#*Her third and fourth slots can equip Dive Bombers, Fighters, or Recon planes.
#*The second remodel also comes with a fifth slot, which can be equipped with various equipment (no details), including more aircraft.
#*'''Note:''' As Ise K2 can only equip main guns in her first 2 slots, what you see when equipping her first two slots differs from what can be equipped in the remaining slots. Keep this in mind when changing equipment.
#***Please also make use of the "sort" function to sort equipment.
#*Ise's combat performance also changes greatly depending on her equipment type; try out different configurations to see what works best.
#*The second remodel includes some new voice lines.
#*[[Hyuuga]] is expected to receive her second remodel this year as well.
#[[Kuroshio]] has received her second remodel.
#*A Blueprint is '''required''' for this remodel.
#*This remodel also includes some new voice lines.
#*Kuroshio K2 has improved anti-ship combat performance with [[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-C Kai 2]], [[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-D Kai 2]] and/or [[61cm Quad (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount]] equipped.
#**(No details on how significant the performance boost / stat gains are.)
#Rainy Season voice lines have been added to the game.
#*This includes new voice lines for [[Jervis]], [[Tashkent]], [[Amagiri]], [[Sagiri]], [[Kako]], [[Furutaka]], [[Hiyou]], [[Junyou]], [[Gambier Bay]], [[Intrepid]], [[I-400]], and [[Richelieu]].
#*Omake: There are also some ships that aren't very pleased with the current season.
#[[Sagiri]], [[Hamanami]], [[Fujinami]], [[Fukae]] and [[Etorofu]] have received new CGs for the Rainy Season.
#*Spring CGs and other CGs have been added to the Encyclopaedia.
#BGMs for some mapshave been updated. The Jukebox has also been updated to include the following:
#*Naval Base in the Rain (雨音の鎮守府)
#*Rain, Sake and Shipgirls (雨とお酒と艦娘)
#Updates to furniture:
#*French hydrangea window
#*French hydrangea floor
#*French hydrangea stained glass
#*Shipgirls' umbrella stand (new!)
#**Has three different appearances, depending on secretary ship.
#**With a Rainy Season secretary ship (presumably one with a Rainy Season CG), the furniture also has its own unique gimmick.
#*French hydrangea flowerpot for Admiral's desk
#*Admiral's floor cushion
#*"Wisteria on water" floor
#*Wisteria wallpaper
#*Raincoat & umbrella stand
#*Green Japanese wallpaper
#*Fresh verdure flooring
#*Teruteru bozu window
#*Iron flooring (new!)
#*Minazuki wallpaper
#*Minazuki window
#*Chair
#*Workdesk
#*French hydrangea wallpaper
#*Rainy season wallpaper
#*Rainy season, green curtains window
#*Ise's hanging scroll
#*Zuiun flag (new!)
#*Furniture Fairy/Fairies will be obtainable from new quests.
#*Bath furniture has also been updated.
#A furniture scroll related to the 5 Etorofu-class sisters is obtainable via a new quest series (Coastal Defence Ship Mission Series):
#*Etorofu-class Kaiboukans' hanging scroll (new!)
#*This quest is available even if you do not currently have any DEs.
#*You can also obtain the first or second Etorofu-class DE from this quest ([[Etorofu]] or [[Matsuwa]]).
#New Quests (Total of 11):
#*Coastal Defence Ship Mission Series
#**Coastal Defence Ship service plan
#**Coastal Defence Ships, head out!
#**And more; '''3''' quests total
#*【改装航空戦艦(戦闘航空母艦)】任務群
#**Lead ship of the battle carriers, commence exercises! 
#**Battle carrier, sortie!
#**Research of new and improved aviation battleship main battery
#**Formation of the elite "Aviation Battleship" Suisei squadron
#**And more; '''5''' quests total
#*Elite A-type Destroyers Mission Series
#**Elite A-type destroyers, assemble!
#**Elite A-type destroyers, commence special exercises!
#**And more; '''3''' quests total
#*As usual, other prerequisite quests may need to be completed first.
#*These are not limited-time quests, there is no need to rush to complete them.
#The following equipment can now be further improved/upgraded in [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]:
#*[[Type 33 Surface RADAR]]
#*[[Type 3 Depth Charge Launcher]]
#*[[12.7cm Single High-angle Gun Mount (Late Model)]]
#**Has improved performance on certain ships after a certain number of improvements.
#*The equipment that can be improved with [[Nagato|Nagato K2]] and [[Ise|Ise K2]] as supporting ships (in the second slot of your fleet) has also been updated.
#*[[Nagato|Nagato K2]] can now upgrade the [[41cm Triple Gun Mount Kai]].
#**A '''large number''' of New Artillery Armament Materials are required.
#New Equipment:
#*Dive Bomber Squadron [[Suisei Model 22 (634 Air Group)]]
#*Dive Bomber Squadron [[Suisei Model 22 (634 Air Group/Skilled)]]
#*The basic version can be obtained via Ise's second remodel.
#*The skilled version can be obtained via quests.
#Stat updates:
#*[[Fusou|Fusou K2]] and [[Yamashiro|Yamashiro K2]] now have a starting and maximum ASW stat.
#The [[Spring 2018 Food Collection Mini-Event]] has ended.
#*Houshou's Meal Ticket will still be usable from the items menu until the next maintenance.
#*All other event-related items will be removed.
#The [[Quests#April 23, 2018|5th Anniversary Quests]] have been removed from the game.
#DEs will no longer drop from regular maps.
#Requests for transfers to Yokosuka, Kure, Sasebo, Maizuru, and Oominato [[Servers]] will no longer be available.
#*You can still request to transfer to all other servers, until the next maintenance.

[[Category:Game Updates]]