#Addition of Rainy Season Voice Lines
#*[[Yamakaze]], [[Asakaze]], [[Matsukaze]], [[Shimushu]], [[Kunashiri]], and [[Etorofu]] have received new lines for this season.
#*Previous Rainy Season voice lines have also been included in this update.
#[[Kumano]] has received a second remodel.
#*This remodel '''requires''' a [[Blueprint]].
#*Some new voice lines have also been added for this remodel.
#*Additionally, Kumano's second remodel can also be further remodelled into an Attack Light Carrier.
#**As with Suzuya's Attack Light Carrier remodel, this requires the use of yet another [[Blueprint]] and Instant Build ("blowtorch") items.
#**Similarly, this remodel is also reversible.
#New Quests
#*A total of 7 new quests have been added, including:
#**新編「第七戦隊」を編成せよ！
#**海上護衛総隊、遠征開始！
#**増強海上護衛総隊、抜錨せよ！
#**新型砲墳兵装、戦力化開始！
#*As always, certain prerequisites may need to be fulfilled before these quests appear in the quest list.
#Updates to [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]
#*Kumano K2 and Kumano Kou K2 can assist with improving certain equipment.
#Addition of New Item: 新型砲熕兵装資材 (New Type Artillery Armament Materials)
#*Through the use of this item, it is now possible to '''upgrade''' the [[Prototype 41cm Triple Gun Mount]] via [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] into the [[41cm Triple Gun Mount Kai]].
#*This item can be acquired from the new quests.
#New & Returning Furniture:
#*鮎の季節の壁紙
#*紫陽花の床
#*紫陽花の壁紙
#*「空飛ぶ二航戦」掛け軸 new!
#*紫陽花の窓
#*紫陽花鉢の提督机
#*「瑞雲」の桐箪笥
#Updates to the Jukebox
#*New BGMs have been added to the Jukebox:
#**「雨とお酒と艦娘」
#**「雨音の鎮守府」
#Updates to the UI:
#*When forming a fleet in the submenu, the list of shipgirls will now display a summary of their damage state and sparkle state (where applicable).
#*The display has also been updated such that ships' levels in the list will be distinguishable by colour. Different level ranges correspond to different colours.
#*The size of the fleet number (#1/2/3/4) displayed in the list of shipgirls has been reduced.
#*The fleet number will now also be displayed in the equipment menu when moving equipment from a one ship to another.
#*Under the equipment menu, a total of 4 new categories has been added for equipment such as Radars and Transport Equipment. The 4 new categories are as follows:
#**Radars
#**Transport Equipment ([[Daihatsu]], etc.)
#**Supply Equipment ([[Maritime Resupply]] Barrels, [[Battle Rations]], etc.)
#**Large Aircraft (LBAS aircraft)
#*Various other minor updates:
#**The "Begin Exercise" button under the Exercises / PvP Menu has been updated.
#**The icons for "Items" as well as "Purchased Items" under the Inventory menu have been updated.
#**Optimised the size of the icon displayed for Secondary Guns.
#**Other miscellaneous updates to the display / GUI.
#**Where the rewards for a quest are selectable (i.e. choose 1 out of 2 or 3 possible rewards), you can now confirm your selection using the button labelled 「選択確認」.
#***(Previously, clicking on an item would automatically select it as your chosen reward.)
#Rainy Season CGs and other updates:
#*All previous Rainy Season CGs have been added back into the game.
#*[[Shiratsuyu]], [[Fusou]], [[Sazanami]], and [[Kamoi]] have also received new CGs for this season.
#*New voice lines for [[Yamato]] have been added as well, related to what appears to be [[Hyuuga]] busily preparing for something.
#Post-Patch Issues:
#*Shiratsuyu's new CG is displayed incorrectly.
#*The new item 「新型砲熕兵装資材」 (New Type Artillery Armament Materials) is listed incorrectly as 「新型砲墳兵装資材」 (radical for earth instead of fire).
#*Both of the above are currently being fixed.

[[Category:Game Updates]]