'''July 18th, 2019''' ''Summer Swimsuit Expedition update''

# '''Shipgirl changes'''
#* The Rainy Season has come to an end in KanColle, disabling Tsuyu CGs and Voicelines.
#** CGs can now be seen in the Glossary.
#* Samuel B. Roberts, Murasame Kai Ni and Yukikaze have received Swimsuit CGs.
#* Naganami-sama has received her Summer Uniform CG.
#* Old Swimsuit CGs have been reimplemented for Yamato, Haruna and everyone else who had them.
#* Time-limited drops of Kamikaze and Asakaze have been implemented.
#** Easy to obtain if you still don't have them.
#** Confirmed Boss node drop in 1-4.
# '''Expedition changes'''
#* The Expedition system has been reworked.
#** New UI has been implemented.
#*** The UI now shows the number and types of ships required for the Expedition.
#** New Expeditions have been implemented.
#** New type of Expedition, a Monthly Expedition has been implemented.
#*** They can be completed once a month.
#*** They update every 15th day of the month at noon.
#*** Extra Monthly or resource-rewarding Monthly Expeditions can be unlocked.
#*** Some Monthly Expeditions can reward Improvement Materials (screws). More are to be implemented.
#** New type of Expedition, a Combat Expedition has been implemented.
#*** Enemy fleet can be encountered during such Expedition.
#*** It's marked with a special icon.
#*** Depending on Expeditionary Fleet's equipment and combat abilities some Shipgirls may get damaged.
#*** Two such Expeditions have been implemented with this updated.
#* New Expeditions have been added.
#** '''Monthly''' Naval Base Waters: Patrolling Communication Lines (鎮守府海域：南西方面連絡線哨戒)
#** '''Monthly''' Nansei Archipelago : Patrolling Remote Islands of the Nansei Archipelago (南西諸島海域：南西諸島離島哨戒作戦)
#** '''Monthly''' Southwestern Waters: Escorting the Mi Convoy (Convoy #1) (南西海域：ミ船団護衛(一号船団))
#** '''Monthly''' Southwestern Waters: Aerial Equipment Transport Mission (南西海域：航空装備輸送任務)
#** '''Monthly/Combat''' Nansei Archipelago : Defence of the Remote Islands of the Nansei Archipelago (南西諸島海域：南西諸島離島防衛作戦)
#** '''Monthly/Combat''' Southwestern Waters: Escorting the Mi Convoy (Convoy #2) (南西海域：ミ船団護衛(二号船団))
#** Southwestern Waters: Patrolling the Mouth of the Brunei Anchorage (南西海域：ブルネイ泊地沖哨戒)
#* Some Conventional Expeditions have been updated.
#** Expedition B2 (Enemy Harbor Assult Counter Attack Operation) has been turned into a Monthly Expedition
#** Expeditions 14 (Marine Siege Evacuation Operation), 19 (Operation Kita), 30 (Submarine Dispatch Operation) and few others have had their resource rewards increased.
#** Further adjustments will be implemented in the future.
# '''Quest changes'''
#* New quests.
#** "Modern Shields" (新しき盾)
#** "Haguro, Kamikaze, sortie!" (「羽黒」「神風」、出撃せよ！)
#** They reward [[New Model Aerial Armament Material]] and [[Reinforcement Expansion]]
#* "Large Scale Spring Exercises" has been replaced by "Large Scale Summer Exercises".
# '''Akashi Arsenal changes'''
#* With the help of a certain Escort Carrier [[Type 97 Torpedo Bomber (931 Air Group)]] can now be improved and upgraded into [[Prototype Type 97 Torpedo Bomber Kai No. 3 Model E (w/ Type 6 Airborne Radar Kai)]]
#* With the help of a certain remodeled Light Carrier [[Prototype Type 97 Torpedo Bomber Kai No. 3 Model E (w/ Type 6 Airborne Radar Kai)]] can now be improved.
# Furniture Updates
#* A new wall scroll, Haguro's Protection (掛け軸) has been implemented.
#** Obtainable from one of the new quests.
#* Rainy Season mode for Hinoki Bathtub and Shipgirl Umbrella Stand has ended.
#* Rocky Onsen Bath as well as Naval Base Counterbar had their Rainy Season mode replaced by the Summer mode.
#* Large Ikebana Arrangement has also had its Summer mode implemented.
# ''' Audio changes'''
#* Naval Base Jukebox has received new musical pieces to choose from.
#** White Dew after Tsuyu 【梅雨明けの白露】
#** Swimsuit Sortie 【水着の出撃】
#** Beach Shipgirls 【浜辺の艦娘】
# ''' New and Returning Furniture'''
#* 木板の壁
#* 木製の涼しげな壁
#* 夏仕様の花火模様壁紙 new!
#* 夏の職人木製壁
#* 金魚の高級壁紙
#* 矢羽の壁紙
#* 文月の壁紙
#* 文月の窓
#* 艦娘が育てる朝顔の鉢
#* 鎮守府夏時間の窓
#* ラヂオの窓
#* 鬼灯の花の窓
#* 蚊取り線香の窓
#* 昔ながらのすりガラス
#* 青と白のブラインド窓
#* 青と白の壁
#* 青と白の床
#* 砂浜の床
#* 波打ち際の砂浜床
#* 床半分の簡易畳
#* 夏床板と向日葵敷物 new!
#* 水風呂
#* 西瓜割りセット
#* ビニールプール
#* リゾートセット
#* リゾートハンモック
#* 艦隊氷旗
#* 古い世界地図
#* 壁掛け図上演習セット
#* 重巡模型と桐箪笥
#* 職人和飾棚
#* 大型生花アレンジメント
#* 鎮守府「流しそうめん」 new!
#* 鎮守府風鈴

[[Category: Game Updates]]