'''October 16th 2020''' ''Akigumo Kai Ni Update''

#'''Akigumo Kai Ni'''
#* Akigumo's Kai Ni is now available for remodel. She will also receive new voice lines
#* [[Akigumo]] will need an [[Action Report]] and a [[Blueprint]] along with some development materials.
#* [[Akigumo]] will have the special combat characteristics of Kagerou-class and Yuugumo-class Kai Ni remodel benefits.
#'''New Equipment'''
#* The following new equipment has been made available:
#**[[Type 99 Dive Bomber Model 22]]
#**[[Type 99 Dive Bomber Model 22 (Skilled)]]
#'''New Quests'''
#* The following new quests have been made available:
#** Main Force of the Main Force, Powerful "DesDiv 10", ready to sortie!
#** And thus the whale stirs to protect the calm sea! (Will reward "'Whale' Wall Scroll")
#** The cream of the crop! Main Force of the Main Force, commence exercises!
#** Main Force of the Main Force, go wild!
#** Formation of a splendid biplane squadron
#** Tea time exercises!
#** Elite "DesDiv 27", be careful during evasive maneuvers! (Will reward "Time for Baked Potatoes and Reading" Furniture")
#** Nowaki's Great Adventure! (Limited time Quest)
#'''New Furniture'''
#* Sweet Potato Fashionable Window
#* Chestnut Wallpaper
#* Chestnut Ink painting and Autumn display case
#* Akishimo Writing Desk and Chestnut Manju
#* Mont Blanc Window
#'''New CG and Update'''
#* Fishing Mode CGs have returned
#* [[Richelieu]] now has Mont Blanc Mode CG
#* [[Nowaki]] now has Halloween CG
#'''Autumn Voice Lines'''
#* [[Uranami]], [[Usugumo]], [[Hatsushimo]], [[Hatsuharu]], [[Nenohi]], [[Shiratsuyu]], [[Murasame]], [[Yuudachi]] (Kai 2), [[Jingei]] (Kai), [[Sendai]], [[Tone]], [[Kako]], [[Johnston]], [[Gambier Bay]], [[Maestrale]] have gotten new voice lines among others.
#'''LSC Update'''
#* [[Warspite]] and [[Ark Royal]] can now be constructed through LSC construction
#'''Development Update'''
#*The following items can now be developed through developments:
#**[[Swordfish]]
#**[[Laté 298B]]
#**[[Fulmar]]
#**[[Spitfire Mk.I]]
#'''[[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] Update'''
#* [[Type 99 Dive Bomber]] can now be improved.
#** Furthermore, [[Type 99 Dive Bomber]] can be upgraded into [[Type 99 Dive Bomber Model 22]]
#* [[Type 99 Dive Bomber Model 22]] can be improved through the help of [[Shoukaku]].
#** Furthermore, [[Type 99 Dive Bomber Model 22]] can be upgraded into [[Type 99 Dive Bomber Model 22 (Skilled)]]
#* [[Type 99 Dive Bomber Model 22 (Skilled)]] can be improved.
#** In a later update, it will be upgradeable into a superior late model plane.
#* [[Type 99 Dive Bomber (Egusa Squadron)]] Can now be improved.
#** Furthermore, [[Type 99 Dive Bomber (Egusa Squadron)]] can be upgraded into [[Suisei (Egusa Squadron)]]
#* [[Spitfire Mk.V]] can now be improved
#** Furthermore, [[Spitfire Mk.V]] can be upgraded into [[Seafire LF.Mk.III Kai]]
#'''BGM Update'''
#* New BGM Akigumo's Sketches has been added to the jukebox as well as some maps in the game.
#'''UI Update'''
#*  An icon to Akashi's Arsenal has been to help distinguish normal improvement options from special ones.
#** The aforementioned icon will be bright green when you select a fully improved item that can be upgraded.
#** The visibility of improvement levels when obtaining equipment with stars has been improved.
[[Category:Game Updates]]