'''June 26th, 2015''' ''The Beginning of Summer Update''

# '''New CG for Shouhou Kai'''
#*Light Carrier [[Shouhou#Upgrade|Shouhou Kai]] will have new CG for both normal and damaged art. Please take care of Shouhou in the new season too!
# '''Furnishing Shop Listing Updated for Season'''
#* Listings in the Furniture Shop updated for the start of summer. Includes two new furnishings "Water Bath" and "Japanese-Lantern Window"; "Beach Floor", "Wind Chimes of the Naval Base", etc., return to be available in the furniture shop.
# '''New Regular Map Available'''
#* In order to search for the main force of enemy mobile forces, carry out air reconnaissance towards the abyssal anchorage deep in the Central Sea Region. Sortie to [[World 6#6-3|6-3]] with a seaplane tender equipped with either [[Type 2 Flying Boat|large flying boat]] or superior recon seaplanes escorted by torpedo squadron, and carry out the air reconnaissance operation "Operation K"!
# '''Regarding Air Reconnaissance Map'''
#* Map [[World 6#6-3|Operation K]] is an "Air Reconnaissance Map". By using powerful seaplane for reconnaissance, it's possible to survey locations important to the enemy by air. In the case of success and critical success, obtaining a B-rank or better victory at the final destination will complete the operation and award the admiral with recon awards (resources etc.)
# '''New Equipment Eligible for [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal|Improvement]]'''
#* With support of certain ship girls, [[Type 22 Surface RADAR]] and [[Type 22 Surface RADAR Kai 4]] can be improved.
# '''Additional Benefits for Improved SONARs'''
#* Improved SONARs and hydrophones now increase evasion against enemy torpedo salvo based on the improvement level. Please utilize this well when fighting against enemy submarine fleets.
# '''Fix of Anti-Air Equipment Bug'''
#* There was a bug that prevented the Fleet Anti-Air bonus and formation bonus to be applied to the Anti-Air calculation. This update fixes the bug.
# '''Takanami Banner Fix and New CG'''
#* Fixed a bug where certain banner displays will remove the Kai symbol for [[Takanami#Upgrade|Takanami Kai]]. She now also has a new CG.
# '''Seasonal CG and Voice Implementation for [[Shiratsuyu#Upgrade|Shiratsuyu]] and [[Murasame#Upgrade|Murasame]]'''
#* Destroyers [[Shiratsuyu#Upgrade|Shiratsuyu Kai]] and [[Murasame#Upgrade|Murasame Kai]] have seasonal CG and seasonal naval base voice. Please take care of the destroyers for the start of summer.
# '''Seasonal Voice Implementation'''
#* [[Akagi]], [[Fusou]], [[Kaga]], [[Tone]] and others have start of summer naval base voice.
#* We plan to have more ships with start of summer voices for the next update too.
# '''End of Rainy Season CG/Voices'''
#* The rainy season CG and voices have been removed. (The CG can be viewed in the ship album/index.)
# '''Kanoya Base and Iwakawa Base Servers Strengthened'''
#* The two named servers now deal better against stress connections.
# '''Seasonal CG and Voice Implementation for 7th Destroyer Division'''
#* Destroyers [[Oboro]], [[Akebono]], [[Sazanami]], [[Ushio]] (Including Ushio Kai 2) have seasonal CG and seasonal naval base voice. Please take care of the 7th Destroyer Division for the start of summer.

[[Category:Game Updates]]
[[ko:업데이트/2015/6월 26일]]
[[zh:游戏更新/2015年6月26日]]