'''November 13th 2020''' ''Yukikaze Kai Ni/Tan Yang update''

#'''Resource Hardcap increased'''
#* Starting as of today, all fuel, ammo, steel and bauxite have had their hardcap increased from 300,000 to 350,000.
#'''Yukikaze Kai Ni / Tan Yang'''
#*[[Yukikaze]] has now received her Tan Yang remodel
#** This remodel will require you to have [[Blueprint]]s and [[New Model Armament Material]]s.
#** She comes with additional voice lines
#* In addition to this, [[Tan Yang]] to [[Yukikaze|Yukikaze Kai Ni]]
#** This remodel needs additional [[Blueprint]]s, [[Action Report]]s and other Materials.
#** She comes with more voice lines under this form.
#* Note however that this remodel is '''irreversible''' and cannot go back to her previous form.
#'''Max Ship Capacity Increased'''
#* It is now possible to purchase an additional +10 ship slots (along with +40 equip slots) making your total ship capacity max out at 470 ships.
#'''New BGM'''
#* "Miracle of Yukikaze" is now available across various maps and on the jukebox.
#'''New Equipment
#* The following new equipment is now available from Yukikaze Kai Ni and from quests:
#** [[Locally Modified 12.7cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount]]
#** [[Locally Modified 10cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount]]
#'''Development Update'''
#* It is now possible to develop the following equipment in the arsenal with the appropriate ships:
#** [[12.7cm Naval Gun]]
#** [[120mm/50 Twin Gun Mount]]
#'''[[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]
#* [[12.7cm Naval Gun]] are now improvable
#* [[120mm/50 Twin Gun Mount]] are now improvable
#** It's possible to upgrade it to [[120mm/50 Twin Gun Mount mod.1936]]
#* [[30.5cm Triple Gun Mount]] are now improvable
#** [[30.5cm Triple Gun Mount]] can be upgraded into [[30.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai]]
#* [[30.5cm Triple Gun Mount Kai]] are now improvable.
#*  [[Suisei]] can be improved
#** [[Suisei]] can be upgraded into a [[Suisei Model 12A]]★+4
#* [[Zero Fighter Type 52]] can be upgraded into a [[Zero Fighter Type 62 (Fighter-bomber)]]★+4
#* [[Re.2001 CB Kai]] can be improved
#* With the proper items, it will be possible to upgrade a [[Re.2001 CB Kai]] into a [[Re. 2005 Kai]] 
#'''Equipment fit buffs'''
#* Modified [[12.7cm Naval Gun]] can provide a small stat buff to German ships that can equip them.
#* [[Tan Yang]] and [[Yukikaze|Yukikaze Kai Ni]] get a big stat buff from equipment [[Locally Modified 12.7cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount]] and [[Locally Modified 10cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount]]
#'''Ship Stat Buffs'''
#* The following ships have been given the following buffs:
#** [[Isokaze|Isokaze B Kai]]: Max Firepower up + increased max torpedo power
#** [[Hamakaze|Hamakaze B Kai]]: Max Firepower up + increased max LOS
#** [[Shigure|Shigure Kai Ni]]: Max Firepower up + increased max torpedo power
#** [[Asashimo|Asashimo Kai Ni]]: Max AA up + increased max luck
#** [[Agano|Agano Kai]]: Max Firepower up
#** [[Noshiro|Noshiro Kai]]: Max Firepower up
#** [[Yahagi|Yahagi Kai]]: Max Firepower up
#** [[Sakawa|Sakawa Kai]]: Max Firepower up
#** [[Shinshuu Maru|Shinshuu Maru Kai]]: Max Firepower and AA up
#'''New Quests'''
#* A total of 7 new quests have been made available which includes the following:
#** Carry out Repair work on the "Destroyer"
#** Step 2: Carry Out Repair Work on the "Destroyer"
#** Miracle Destroyer
#** The Arsenal is fully operational! New Armament Development
#** Miracle Destroyer Yukikaze, sortie once again!
#** The Best! Yukikaze of Kure and Shigure of Sasebo!
#** [Strengthen Fleet Command] Fleet Flagship, Sortie!
#*** You can earn [[New Model Armament Material]]s from these quest or even a modified version of a new gun.
#*** You can also earn a new [[Headquarters Personnel]] from completing one of these quests.
#'''Misc. Update'''
#* [[Suisei Model 12A]], Suisei Model 22 variants and [[Type 0 Recon SeaPlane Model 11 B]] have been given graphical updates.
#* Some disturbance in the browser version has been fixed and tweaked.
#* Cypress and Rock Onsen furniture have been updated for the fall season.
#'''CG/voice update'''
#* Halloween, Yukata, Happi, and Fishing CG have been removed
#* Fall related voice lines have been removed
#* Fall and Winter Casual CG are implemented
#* Fall and Winter Voice lines implemented
[[Category:Game Updates]]