'''November 16th, 2018''' ''The Makigumo Kai Ni / 7-2 Map Update''

# New map in World 7, "Seas Off Tawi-Tawi".
#* Sortie to Celebes Sea and liberate the area!
#* Clear the map HP gauge
#* Two phases
#* Resets monthly.
# HQ experience changes
#* World 7 had its HQ experience gains lowered
#* Certain maps of Worlds 1 through 5 had their gains increased
#* The entire World 6 had its gains increased
# Shipgirl experience buffed
#* 1-2 to 1-5 maps had their Shipgirl experience values increased.
#* 2-1 to 2-5 maps had their Shipgirl experience values increased.
#* X-3 to X-5 maps in Worlds 3 through 6 had their Shipgirl experience values increased.
# Shipgirls changes
#* Yuugumo-class destroyer, Makigumo, has received her Kai Ni remodel.
#** Can equip Anti-torpedo Bulges and Landing Crafts.
#** Cannot equip tanks.
#** Currently in Winter mode, will receive Summer mode as well.
#** Requires a Blueprint and an Action Report to remodel.
#** New voice lines.
# CG updates
#* Autumn Casual CGs for: Sendai, Shiranui, Souryuu, Tsushima and more.
#* Shiratsuyu, Chitose, Chiyoda changed their getups as well.
#* Certain Saury CGs are going away.
#* Happi, Yukata and Halloween CGs are going away.
#* Akigumo's Comiket mode.
#* Richelieu's Choux Cream mode.
#* Winter CG for Yuugumo Kai Ni.
# Voice lines updates
#* New Choukai, Maya, Daitou, Hiburi, Shigure and Richelieu seasonal lines.
#* Makigumo Kai Ni voice lines.
# Akashi upgrades
#* 38cm Quadruple Gun Mount Kai can now be improved.
#* 38cm Quadruple Gun Mount can now be upgraded into 38cm Quadruple Gun Mount Kai.
#* Kinugasa Kai Ni can now improve 20.3cm #2 Twin Gun Mounts.
#* Choukai and Akigumo can now improve Searchlights.
# Mechanical changes
#* Aoba Kai, Kinugasa Kai Ni, Furutaka Kai Ni, Kako Kai Ni received additional fit bonuses with 20.3cm #2 Twin Gun Mounts. Further increased by radars.
#* Jintsuu, Hiei, Kirishima, Choukai, Akatsuki etc. received additional bonuses with all kinds of Searchlights.
#* Nagato Kai Ni Special Attack, "Full Broadside... Sounds exciting!"
#** Requires Echelon to proc.
#** Requires a battleship in the 2nd slot.
#** Subject to change in the future updates (not all is lost, my friend!)
# UI changes
#* LBAS menu will now show the operational range of each base.
#* LBAS range extenders will be indicated separately with a + notation.
#* Adjusted map gauges positions slightly.
# Quests updates [Translation pending]
#* Elite DesDiv10, Get Ready To Set Sail!
#* Main Force of the Main Force, Set Sail!
#* Reinforce Surveilance and Patrols of the Coastal Sea!
#* [Ranking Points Mission] Secure Control of the Sea around the Anchorages!
# Furniture updates
# Game stability improvements for Google Chrome.

[[Category: Game Updates]]