'''May 8th 2021''' ''Spring 2021 Event (Main Operation) Update''

#'''Clash! Night Battle off Lunga Main Operation Commences'''
#'''(Main Operation) E-1: 31st Squadron, Deploy!'''
#* Mission Area: Taiwan / Spratly Islands / Off the coast of the Philippines
#* Ships participating in this operation will be assigned to the 31st Squadron
#* The new Matsu class destroyer, [[Momo]], will be rewarded for clearing the map.
#'''(Main Operation) E-2: Battle of 6th Fleet'''
#* Mission Area: Solomon Area / Rennell Sea
#* Ships participating in this operation will be assigned to either the 6th fleet or 3rd fleet depending on their start location.
#* This map is where submarines and their tenders are going to shine.
#* The new I-class submarine, [[I-203]], can also be acquired here.
#'''(Main Operation) E-3: Night Battle off Lunga Point'''
#* Mission Area: Tassafaronga Anchorage Sea
#* Participants in this operation will be 2nd Torpedo Squadron, 8th Fleet and Combined Fleet.
#* In this map, the elite 2nd Torpedo Squadron is the key to victory.
#* Also, you will be able to encounter the latest Yuugumo class destroyer, [[Makinami]], who fought along side Naganami and Takanami as members of the 2nd Torpedo Squadron.
#* For clearing the map, the new Northampton class heavy cruiser name ship, [[Northampton]], will be rewarded.
#'''Preliminary Implementation of Submarine Fleet Attacks'''
#* A new special attack, Submarine Fleet Attack, used by a submarine tender and several submarines has been implemented.
#* Each submarine fleet attack consumes a [[Submarine Supply Material]].
#* Several can be obtained during this Spring Event.
#* It can trigger when the flagship is a submarine tender and there are submarines in the 2nd and 3rd fleet position.
#* If the 4th ship is a submarine as well, it will increase the trigger chance.
#* The activation chance and the attacking ships depend on the ships' levels, luck and damage status.
#* It can trigger in either Echelon or Line Abreast.

[[Category:Game Updates]]