=Introduction=

Improvements are upgrades to equipment that increase their performance or upgrade them to better versions. [[Akashi]] is required to improve equipment. Improvements are done in [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]. Improvement Materials {{IM}} are needed for all improvements except [[Battle Ration]] improvements.

''For a comprehensive list of improvements, please refer to [https://akashi-list.me/ Akashi-List] or the [[Improvement/Table|List of Improvments]].''

=Overview=

# Improvement levels are displayed beside equipment names.
#* They run from <span style="color:#00cccc;">'''★+1'''</span> to <span style="color:#00cccc;">'''★MAX'''</span> (+10).
# Improvement bonuses are '''hidden'''. The increase in stats are not reflected on the stat cards of ship girls.
#* This means they do not affect [[Support Expedition]]s or hitting [[OASW]] thresholds.
#* Exceptions are equipment such as the [[Type 2 Recon Aircraft]] and [[61cm Quad (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount Late Model]] that give additional '''visible''' fit bonuses to certain ship girls when improved.
# Equipped equipment cannot be improved.
#* There is an option to unequip the equipment from the improvement list.
# Equipment must be unlocked in order to be upgraded to a better version.
# Improvements have a chance to fail. Please see [[#Improvement Success Rates|below]] for details.
#* Materials and any fodder equipment are still lost on failure.
#* You will not lose the actual equipment being improved.
#* It is '''highly recommended''' you use the guarateed improvement toggle when dealing with expensive improvements and/or rare fodder at <span style="color:#00cccc;">'''★+6'''</span> and beyond.
#* Akashi Kai has a higher success rate than her base version.
# Improved equipment cannot be used as fodder.
# Certain conversion quests like [[Quests#F15|F15]] and [[Quests#F29|F29]] that do not require <span style="color:#00cccc;">'''★MAX'''</span> equipment will carry over any improvements to the upgraded equipment.
#* This is currently the '''only''' way to obtain improved versions of the unimprovable [[Reppuu (601 Air Group)]].

=Improvement Success Rates=

Akashi's level does not affect improvement rates. However, her remodel status does. It is '''highly recommended''' that she be remodeled to Kai as soon as you obtain her to maximise your improvement success rates. The data below is sourced from KanColle Kai. Note that the browser version has a '''small chance of failure''' even when the listed rate is 100%.

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|-
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| Modification Level !!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| 1★ !!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| 2★ !!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| 3★ !!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| 4★ !!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| 5★ !!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| 6★ !!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| 7★ !!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| 8★ !!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| 9★ !!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| Max★!!style="background-color:#99CCFF;"| Upgrade
|-
|Akashi || 100% || 100% || 100% || 100% || 95% || 90% || 80% || 77% || 72% || 60% || 50%
|-
|Akashi Kai || 100% || 100% || 100% || 100% || 100% || 95% || 90% || 82% || 77% || 67% || 62% 
|}<references/>

{{Clear}}

=Improvement Bonuses=

''For calculated improvment bonuses, please refer to the [[Improvment/Refernce Charts|Reference Charts]].''

===Square Rooted Bonus===
Bonuses to attack power (day shelling, night shelling, torpedo, ASW), anti-air, LoS, accuracy and evasion are all a function of the square root of the improvement level. The bonus can be calculated by:

<math>\text{Bonus}_\text{stat} = \sum_{\text{All equips}} \text{Mod}_\text{equip} \sqrt{\bigstar}</math>

* <math>\bigstar</math> is the improvement level of the equipment.
* <math>\text{Mod}_\text{equip}</math> is the equipment modifer for that stat. Please refer to the table below for details.

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|-
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" colspan="2" rowspan="2"| Equipment Type
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" colspan="2"| Day Battle
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" rowspan="2"| Night Battle
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" rowspan="2"| ASW
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" colspan="2"| Anti-Air
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" rowspan="2"| Line of Sight
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" colspan="2"| Accuracy
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" colspan="2"| Evasion
|-
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Firepower
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Torpedo
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Equipment AA
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Fleet AA
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Shelling
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Torpedo
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Shelling
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Torpedo
|-
| rowspan="4"| Main Guns
| Small Caliber (Red)<br>{{RedGunLight}}
| 1
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
|-
| Small Caliber High-Angle (Green)<br>{{GreenGunDP}}
| 1
| -
| 1
| -
| 0.7
| 3
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
|-
| Medium Caliber<br>{{RedGunMedium}}
| 1
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
|-
| Large Caliber<br>{{RedGunHeavy}}
| 1.5
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
|-
| rowspan="2"| Secondary Guns
| Normal (Yellow)<br>{{YellowGun}}
| 1
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
|-
| High-Angle (Green)<br>{{GreenGunDP}}
| [[#Linear Increase|Linear]] 0.2
| -
| [[#Linear Increase|Linear]] 0.2
| -
| 0.7
| 3
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| Anti-Air Guns<br>{{GreenGunMG}}
| 1
| 1.2
| -
| -
| 0.7
| -
| -
| -
| 2
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| Anti-Aircraft Fire Director<br>{{AntiAircraftFireDirector}}
| 1
| -
| 1
| -
| 0.7
| 2
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| Torpedoes<br>{{TorpedoWeapon}}
| 0
| 1.2
| 1
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 2
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| Carrier-Based Reconnaisance<br>{{YellowPlane}}
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 1.2
| -
| -
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| Seaplanes (Reconnaissance & Bomber)<br>{{Seaplane}}
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 1.2
| -
| -
| -
| -
|-
| rowspan="2"| RADAR<br>{{Radar}}
| LOS<ref>With LoS {{LOS}} greater than 5.</ref>
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 1.25
| 1.7
| -
| -
| -
|-
| Anti-Air<ref>With Anti-Air {{AA}} stat.</ref>
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 1.5
| 1.25
| 1
| -
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| Depth Charges<br>{{DepthCharge}}
| 0.75
| -
| -
| 0.66
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| SONARs<br>{{Sonar}}
| 0.75
| -
| -
| 0.66
| -
| -
| -
| 1.3<ref>Applies to ASW only.</ref>
| -
| -
| 1.5
|-
| colspan="2"| Engines<br>{{Turbine}}
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 1.5
|-
| colspan="2"| Shells<br>{{RedAmmo}}{{GreenAmmo}}
| 1
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 1
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| Landing Craft<br>{{LandingCraft}}{{Amphibious Tank}}
| 1
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| Searchlight<br>{{Searchlight}}
| 1
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| Anti-Ground Rocket<br>{{AntiGroundArtillery}}
| 1
| -
| 1
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
|-
|}<references/>

{{Clear}}

===Linear Bonus===

Bonuses to fighter power, dive bomb, plane torpedo, plane ASW, armour, anti-installation bonus and expedition bonus just have a linear growth. The bonus per improvement level is given by the table below.

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|-
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" colspan="2"| Equipment Type
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Fighter Power
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Dive Bomb
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Torpedo
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | ASW
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Armour
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Anti-Installation Bonus<ref>See [[Anti-Installation#Damage_Bonuses|Anti-Installation]] for more details.</ref>
!style="background-color:#99CCFF;" | Expedition Bonus<ref>See [[Expeditions#Expedition_Rewards|Expedition]] for more details</ref>
|-
| rowspan="3"| Carrier-based Planes
| Fighter<br>{{GreenPlane}}
| 0.2
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
|-
| Fighter-Bomber<br>{{RedPlane}}
| 0.2
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
|-
| Torpedo Bomber<br>{{BluePlane}}
| -
| -
| 0.2
| 0.2
| -
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| Land-Based Fighter/Interceptor<br>{{Interceptor Fighter}}{{Interceptor Fighter2}}
| 0.2
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
|-
| rowspan="2"| Bulge<br>{{ArmorEquipment}}
| Medium
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 0.2
| -
| -
|-
| Large
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 0.3
| -
| -
|-
| colspan="2"| Seaplane Bombers<br>{{Seaplane}}
| -
| 0.2
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
|-
| rowspan="2"| Auto-gyro<br>{{Autogyro}}
| Basic<ref>[[Ka-type Observation Autogyro]] and [[O Type Observation Autogyro Kai]]</ref>
| -
| -
| -
| 0.2
| -
| -
| -
|-
| Advanced<ref>[[O Type Observation Autogyro Kai Ni]], [[S-51J]] and [[S-51J Kai]]</ref>
| -
| -
| -
| 0.3
| -
| -
| -
|-
| rowspan="2"| Landing Craft
| Daihatsu<br>{{LandingCraft}}
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 0.02%
| 0.05%<ref>For [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft]] and [[Toku Daihatsu-class Landing Craft]].</ref>
<br>0.02%<ref>For [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)]].</ref>
|-
| Amphibious Tank<br>{{Amphibious Tank}}
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| 0.03%
| 0.01%
|-
|}<references/>
{{Clear}}

=See Also=
[[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]<br>
[[Improvement/Table]]<br>
[[Improvement/Reference Charts]]<br>
[[Help:Improvement Priority|Improvement Priority]]<br>
https://akashi-list.me/<br>
{{Mechanics}}