=Introduction=
Jets were introduced in the [[Game Updates/2016/December 9|December 9th, 2016 Update]]. Jets possess the ability to perform a [[Combat#Jet_Assault|jet assault]] before the aerial combat phase. 

=Overview=

===Mechanics===
1. Jets can only be equipped by [[:Category:Shoukaku Class|Shoukaku-class Kai Ni A]], [[Kaga|Kaga Kai Ni Go]], and placed in [[Land-Based Air Squadron]]s.

2. Using jets will consume steel.

3. Having a jet equipped will allow a pre-emptive aerial attack known as '''Jet Assault'''.
* Jets will still participate in the following aerial combat phase.
* [[Damage_Calculations#Airstrike|Damage]] during the jet assault is calculated the same way as dive bombers but damage during the airstrike phase is reduced.
** For LBAS jet assault, '''both''' jet assault and LBAS bombing use the lower multiplier. 

4. Jets have [[Anti-Air_Fire#Shoot_Down_Resistance|shootdown resistance]] that reduces the losses to anti-air fire.

5. Jets will go through '''three''' different shoot down phases per normal battle.
* Anti-air during jet assault.
* Shoot down during air control.
* Anti-air during normal airstrike.
* It is unknown if the jet assault phase can trigger [[Anti-Air_Fire#Anti-Air_Cut-In|anti-air cut-ins]].

6. Jets '''do not count''' as dive bombers for the purposes of activating [[Carrier Cut-In Attack]]s


===Use Notes===


1. Since they use the dive bomber multiplier and have a weaker airstrike, their use against targets larger than a heavy cruiser is limited.

2. They are two of the three fighter-bombers with shoot down resistance. This makes them useful when needing to maximise fighter power while maintaining some striking power. The Kikka Kai is fighter-bomber with the highest anti-air {{AA}} in game.
* This usefulness is limited because they cannot be used to trigger CVCI.

3. The steel cost can add up very quickly. Especially when being equipped on the largest slots of Shoukaku and Zuikaku.
* Note that equipping them in smaller slots limits their ability to contribute to air control and damage.

=Steel Cost=

The steel consumption of jets is:


<math>\text{Steel} = \lceil \text{Plane Count} \times \text{Steel Cost} \rceil</math>

* <math>\text{Plane Count}</math> is the current plane count '''at the start of the battle'''.
* <math>\text{Steel Cost}</math> is the steel cost per plane.
** [[Kikka Kai]]|: <math>2.6</math>
** [[Jet Keiun Kai]]: <math>2.8</math>

'''Important Notes'''
* Take note that the costs are '''rounded up'''.
* Jets only cost steel in nodes where they are used for jet assaults and airstrikes.
** Night battles will not cost steel.
* Steel is consumed upon returning to base.
** This means jets can still be used even if you don't have enough steel for the sortie.
* Because LBAS squadrons are refilled between waves, jets will always cost the full 18 planes per wave.

=Acquiring Jets=
Currently the only way to acquire Jets is by obtaining a few special items from Quests or from ranking that are necessary in order to produce the  [[Kikka Kai]] and [[Jet Keiun Kai]] :


* '''Ne-Type Engine'''
* '''New Air Craft Plans'''
* '''[[Prototype Keiun]]'''


===Kikka Kai===

The Kikka Kai is obtainable by completing the following quest chain. The total resources required are:  


* 18,500 Steel {{Steel}}
* 4,000 Bauxite {{Bauxite}}
* 1x Ne-type Engine
* 2x New Aircraft Blueprint
* 3x [[Shiden Kai 2]] 
* 2x [[Prototype Reppuu Late Model]]
* 2x [[Ryuusei]]

Completing this quest chain gives you an extra Ne-type Engine for upgrading the Keiun.

{{QuestsHeader}}
{{Quests
| type = Expedition
| listnum = D20
| namejp = 潜水艦派遣作戦による航空機技術入手
| nameen = Obtain Airplane Technology from Submarine Dispatch Operation
| req = Send a Submarine Fleet of 4 subs or more to [[Expedition|Expedition 30]] and [[Expedition|Expedition 31]] and successfully complete them. 
| fuel = 0
| ammo = 100
| steel = 0
| bauxite = 100
| other = x1 New Aircraft Blueprint
| notes = 
| once  = true
}}
{{Quests
| type = Expedition
| listnum = D21
| namejp = 潜水艦派遣作戦による噴式技術の入手
| nameen = Obtain Jet Engine Technology from Submarine Dispatch Operation
| req = Send a Submarine Fleet of 4 subs or more to [[Expedition|Expedition 30]] and [[Expedition|Expedition 31]] and successfully complete them. 
| fuel = 100
| ammo = 0
| steel = 0
| bauxite = 100
| other = x1 Ne-Type Engine
| notes = 5000 steel and 1500 Bauxite will be consumed upon completion of the quest
| once  = true
}}
{{Quests
| type = Factory
| listnum = F46
| namejp = 噴式戦闘爆撃機の開発
| nameen = Develop the Jet Fighter-Bomber
| req =  Scrap 3 [[Shiden Kai 2]] and have 2 New Aircraft Blueprint and 1 Ne-Type Engine in your inventory upon activating the quest.
| fuel = 0
| ammo = 0
| steel = 0
| bauxite = 100
| other = x1 [[Kikka Kai]]
| notes = One Ne-Type Engine and two New Aircraft Blueprint will be consumed upon completion of quest
| once  = true
}}
{{Quests
| type = Factory
| listnum = F47
| namejp = ネ式エンジンの増産
| nameen = Increase Production of Ne-Type Engine
| req = *Scrap 3 [[Type 52 Zero Fighter]] and have two [[Reppuu]], two [[Ryuusei]] and 8,000 steel in your inventory while the quest is activated. 
| fuel = 0
| ammo = 0
| steel = 0
| bauxite = 0
| other = x1 Ne-Type Engine
| notes = Two [[Reppuu]], two [[Ryuusei]] and 8,000 steel will be consumed from your inventory upon completion of quest
| once  = true
}}
{{Quests
| type = Modernization
| listnum = G5
| namejp = 航空艤装の近代化改修
| nameen = Modernization Improvement of Flight Rigging
| req = Modernize a Standard Carriers using a total of 5 CVL/CV for each modernization two times while the quest is activated.
| fuel = 0
| ammo = 0
| steel = 0
| bauxite = 0
| other = x1 New Aircraft Blueprint
| notes = 5,500 steel and 2,500 Bauxite will be consumed upom completion of quest. 
| once  = true
}}
|}


===Jet Keiun Kai===


The Jet Keiun Kai is obtainable by following the steps below. The total resources required are:  


* 2,500 Fuel {{Fuel}}
* 1,000 Ammo {{Ammo}}
* 7,000 Steel {{Steel}}
* 6,500 Bauxite {{Bauxite}}
* 89 Improvement Materials
* 138 Development Materials
* 1x Ne-type Engine
* 2x [[Type 0 Recon Seaplane]]
* 1x [[Type 1 Land Attacker]]
* 2x [[Saiun]]
* 4x [[Prototype Reppuu Late Model]]
* 6x [[Ryuusei]]


{{QuestsHeader}}
{{Quests
| type = Factory
| listnum = F45
| namejp = 新機軸偵察機の開発
| nameen = Develop the New Reconnaissance Plane
| req = Scrap 2 [[Type 0 Recon Seaplane]] and have 1 [[Type 1 Land Attacker]] and 2 [[Saiun]] in your equipment inventory upon activating the quest.
| fuel = 0
| ammo = 0
| steel = 0
| bauxite = 100
| other = x1 [[Prototype Keiun]] <br> x2 Development Materials
| notes = one [[Type 1 Land Attacker]] and two [[Saiun]] will be consumed upon completion of quest
| once  = true
}}
|}

From there, once you have the [[Prototype Keiun]], you can begin to upgrade it through [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] using the following:

'''250''' {{fuel}} '''100''' {{Ammo}} '''700''' {{steel}} '''650''' {{Bauxite}} '''per upgrade'''<br>
''8/10 Development Materials'' , 6/8 Improvement Materials and a [[Ryuusei]] form 1-6★<br>
'''10/15 Development Materials''' , '''7/10 Improvement Materials''' and a [[Reppuu]] form 7-10★<br>
'''20/30 Development Materials''' , '''10/13 Improvement Materials''' and a '''Ne-Type Engine''' to upgrade to a [[Jet Keiun Kai]].

==See Also==
{{Mechanics}}