'''Kantai Collection : Second Animation Project''' is the 2nd anime series to be produced by '''C2''' and '''Kadokawa''' that was announced at the '''[[KanColle JAZZ Concert Festival]]''' on '''January 4th, 2019'''. It was made as a sudden announcement at the last minute of the show once the performance ended as it showed an animation trailer for the upcoming anime. 

As of current, the only known details about the anime trailer is that the series will focus on '''[[Shigure]]''' as the main character while focusing on the theme of the '''"End of the War"''' as the main focus. Hints from parts of the trailer detailed the '''Leyte Gulf Campaign''' and '''Operation Ten-Go''' will be  part of the story. 

The trailer has been shown across each KanColle live event which was held and in almost all instances, the trailer has been updated each time with new content and images.

Unlike the last anime, this anime will be a joint collaboration between '''C2''', '''Kadokawa''', '''Studio Engi'''. Studio Engi is a special home made animation studio created by Kadokawa since back in '''April, 2018'''. 

The anime is set to air in '''2022'''.

==Anime Trailer==

'''Due to how the anime trailer was released at the Jazz Festival where no cameras or photos were allowed, no footage will be showcased until an offical trailer is released to the public by Kadokawa.'''

'''Below will be a description of the trailer'''

==Trailer Description==

'''Disclaimer: the trailer as of this point has not been released by the public and has only been seen from live event accounts. With each live event trailer the content has been changing and new content has been added within each trailer. Below is the accounts taken from those who witnessed the trailer'''

The scene begins with [[Shigure]] and [[Shiratsuyu]] sailing together with each other until at one point [[Shiratsuyu]] beings to fade to nothing and [[Shigure]] realizes she is no longer around. The scene then fades to white.

Next, [[Shigure]] is scene sitting at the Kotatsu lost in thought as she's eating oranges as it snows outside. The slowly begins to doze off as a sudden flashback scene being to take place. The flashback contains [[Fusou]], [[Yamashiro]], [[Mogami]], [[Michishio]], [[Yamagumo]], [[Asagumo]] engaging in a battle deep at night as [[Fusou]] get struck by an attack and [[Yamashiro]] retaliates and the rest begin to move in to attack. The screen shot pans into the water as it zooms in and show a torpedo coming and and it approaches [[Shigure]]. Just as the torpedo is about to hit, the screen fades to white and [[Shigure]] snaps out from what was her flashback and settles down before going to sleep.

The next scene shows off [[Shigure]] walking to the gate of the naval district as she is met by [[Yahagi]] who is now sporting her Kai 2 uniform. [[Yahagi]] then salutes and states her introduction line before the scene switch the showing [[Yahagi]] evasively dodging explosions that are hitting the water as she attempt to fire up into the air. Later trailer suggest other Kanmusu may have been present, but no eye witness account have come forth to properly document.

Following this a series of screen shots of various Kanmusu doing casual life activities begin to pan out as we see various shots of certain ship girls doing things which include:

* [[Yahagi]] studying a book
* [[Mamiya]] bringing in food with [[Daitou]] and [[Hiburi]] following behind
* [[Hamakaze]] and [[Isokaze]] together
* [[Katori]] talking with someone (requesting eye witness verification)
* [[Suzutsuki]] is scene bandaged up as she pokes a pumping squash
* [[Hatsushimo]] and [[Asashimo]] heading out to a battle
* [[Haruna]] all by herself. (Later trailers suggest she is seen crying)
* [[Kasumi]] cleaning clothes.

Once all these scenes pass, the name '''Kantai Collection: Second animation Project''' is shown on the screen.

Finally we return to the room that [[Shigure]] was sitting within during the winter storm. She is no where to be found, but the orange she peeled still sits on the Kotatsu.