==Introduction==
The following interview comes from Famitsu.com's online sight, which was published on '''September 18, 2013.''' which can be found here [https://www.famitsu.com/news/201309/08039659.html]

In the article, Kancolle's main producer, [[Kensuke Tanaka]], talks about the hints regarding the [[Marriage]] system along with giving an explanation regarding why [[I-19]] got delayed from the [[Summer 2013 Event]].

In addition, he talks about plans for his plans to include Foreign Ships, an anime series, talks about some player's strategies, along with talking about the passion behind doing the designs and voice work for the Kanmusu

==What interesting things are in the stock for KanColle from now on?==

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center; width:100%;
|-
! style="width:50%;"| Japanese !! style="width:50%;"| English
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align: center;"| '''Page 1'''
|-
|style="text-align: left;"|'''会見者：そのほか、追加予定のシステムなどはありますか？'''

'''田中：'''現在は、お気に入りの艦娘を99レベルまで育てると、それ以上に育てることができませんが、これを100レベル以上にできるシステムは準備に入っています。
 
'''会見者：それは提督の皆さんにとって朗報ですね。'''

'''田中：'''ただ、ふつうにやったのではおもしろくないので、ちょっと仕掛けをしようかと。なんかちょっとバレてるみたいなんですが……。
 
'''会見者：詳しく教えてください！'''

'''田中：'''まあ、なんて言うんでしょうか。お気に入りの手塩にかけて育てた“艦娘”が少し提督にデレて。それに合わせて、ちょっと大げさなエフェクトもかかったりして。なんじゃこりゃ、みたいな（笑）。
 
'''会見者：早く実装してください！'''

'''田中：'''わかりました！
 
'''会見者：すみません、ちょっと取り乱しました。先日は新たな潜水艦娘も公開されていましたが、その実装時期は？'''

'''田中：'''伊19ですよね？　これは……言っちゃっていいか。じつはあれは『コンプティーク』さんにビシッと載りましたけど、本当は公開する予定じゃなかったんですよ。
 
'''会見者：え……えっ？'''

'''田中：'''まず、本当は伊19は、先日のイベント（南方海域強襲偵察！）で出そうと思っていたんです。ただ、イベントの制作と『コンプティーク』さんの記事の制作が同じタイミングだったので、資料を渡して記事をごりごりと書いてもらっていたんですね。そうしてできた記事を見ながら、「さー、イベント実装しよーっと」と、作業フォルダを見ていたら「あれ、伊19のボイスデータがないクマー」と。そこでわかったんです。「これは伊19の声を録り忘れたクマ―」と。
 
'''会見者：なんと……。潜水艦ですから、声は伊168や伊58と同じく、中島愛さんですかね？'''

'''田中：'''いえ、3人同じというのもどうかしらと思い、ほかの声優の方にしようとしていたんです。それで録り忘れてしまって。そこで、まずイベントの実装のほうで困ったと、違うところで投入する予定だった鈴谷と熊野を代打投入することにしました。
 
'''会見者：突貫工事ですね（笑）。'''

'''田中：'''いや、すみません。ただ、『コンプティーク』さんのほうは、すでに作ってもらった記事を直してもらうのも非常に忍びなかったので……というか校了タイミングで「印刷所ガー」というタイミングだったので“独占スクープ”ということにしてもらおうと！　同編集部の熱血編集提督は喜んでいたりしましたが。伊19は、今後実装されます、すみません！
 
'''会見者：そんな秘密があったんですね。新たな艦船で言えば、海外の艦船が実装されるのか、ということも気になります。'''

'''田中：'''これもばっちり予定があります。それに至る仕組みも潜水艦の遠征を絡めて、何かできないかなと思っています。
 
'''会見者：いろいろな国の艦船が出るんですか？'''

'''田中：'''ドイツ、アメリカ、イギリスなど、いろいろな国の艦船を出したいと思っています。「え！　この絵師さんが！」という方もスタンバイ中です。お楽しみに！
 
'''会見者：期待しています！　それと、先ほどイベントの話が出たのでお伺いしたいのですが、イベントで大和を取った人数が10000人規模というのは、想定していたんですか？'''

'''田中：'''そうですね。これは、よい感じだったとホッとしています。
 
'''会見者：潜水艦でイベントマップのゲージを削れるというのは、想定していたんですか？'''

'''田中：'''はい、もちろん。だって、「潜水艦使えなーい！」とか言われていましたので、いやいや漸減作戦とか地味だけどできますよ、と。ただ、潜水艦漸減オペレーションで削るのは忍耐力が必要ですし、そこまでやってくれるならという感じでした。「潜水艦はじつは使えるのです！」というところもアピールしたかったですし。ただ、マップ3-4（北方海域艦隊決戦）までクリアーできるというのはちょっと想定外だったので、そこは先日のアップデートで少し布陣を変えて、対応させていただきました。
 
'''会見者：フラッグシップ軽巡なども登場しましたし、大きなアップデートでしたね。ちなみに、大和の中破イラストで左側がひどくやられていたりなど史実を反映していますが、艦娘たちのああいったイラストは、どうやって発注しているのですか？''''

'''田中：'''私たちが考えてお願いすることもありますが、絵師さんたちもとてもとても考えてくれるんですよ。たとえば、吹雪や赤城の絵を描いてくれているしばふさんは、本当に緻密にやってくれていて。赤城の中破イラストは、ミッドウェー海戦で空母の赤城が被弾した箇所と同じところに被弾しているんです。あれは私たちが細かく発注しているのではなくて、しばふさんの情熱なんです。だから、艦娘たちは本当にみんなの手で作っている感じです。それは声優さんも同じで、複数キャラクターの声を、それぞれの引き出しをめいっぱい開けてくれて、魂を込めて演じてくれて。演じる艦娘の元になった艦船について、詳しく調べてきてくれた方もいました。艦娘は、私の書いたテキストやデータだけじゃ話にならなくて、それにイラストレーターさんと声優さんが生命を吹き込んでくれて、そして提督が彼女たちを愛してくれることで完成すると思っています。
 
'''会見者：まさに、『艦これ』はみんなで作っている作品、ということなんですね。では、『艦これ』の今後について気になっていることをお伺いします。ズバリ、アニメ化のご予定はありますか？'''

'''田中：'''いま、何か明確な答えをすることはできないのですが、本プロジェクトを立ち上げたかなり早い時点で、角川グループのアニメ事業を牽引する先輩方にデザインを見ていただいたり、アドバイスをもらってフィードバックしたりしていました。提督の皆さんの熱いご支援があれば、アニメ化も夢ではないかもしれませんね。縦横無人に動く艦娘をテレビで見ることがもし叶ったら、それは本当にうれしいことですね。
 
''''会見者：ぜひお願いします！　話は尽きませんが、最後に、ファンへのメッセージをお願いします。'''

'''田中：'''現在新規で『艦これ』を始めたい方も本当にたくさんいらっしゃって、すべての方にすぐプレイしていただける環境をご用意できなくてたいへん申し訳なく思っています。現在も鋭意サーバーやシステム環境を強化しています。また、現在作戦行動中の提督の皆さん、いつも本当にありがとうございます！　今後も提督の皆さんといっしょに『艦これ』の世界を創造していけたらと思います。これからも『艦これ』と“艦娘”を末永く、どうぞ、よろしくお願いいたします！

|style="text-align: left;"|'''Interviewer: Are there plans for any additional systems in the game, aside of what we have now?'''

'''Tanaka:''' Currently, if you level your favourite ship girl to level 99, there’s nothing left for the two of you. However, we’re preparing a system which will make it possible.
 
'''I: This looks like very good news for Admirals.'''

'''T:''' Yes, but if we do it in a conventional way, it won’t be very interesting, so we’re going to come up with something special. Somehow, I feel, you will pull it out of me…
 
'''I: Please, don’t spare us any details!'''

'''T:''' Hmm, what should I say? Your favourite Ship girl, to which you’ve devoted all your affection, so she can grow up, has a secret crush on you. In addition to that, we want to add some special interactions. Your face’s like “What the…?” *laughs*
 
'''I: Please, implement this quickly!'''

'''T:''' Understood!
 
'''I: Sorry, I’ve lost my composure. The other day a new submarine girl was announced. When can we expect her to be implemented?'''

'''T:''' [[I-19]], right? This is… Can I talk about it? The truth is that there was a brief announcement at Comptiq, but we didn’t plan on revealing her.
 
'''I: H-huh?'''

'''T:''' Firstly, truth is, we wanted to release [[I-19]] for the recent [[Summer 2013 Event|“Southern Waters Assault Reconnaissance” event]]. However, event preparations and Comptiq's article coincided, so we passed the materials and had the article quickly scraped together. And so, while checking it, we thought “Well, it’s time to implement the event”, and when we checked the work folder, we were like “Oh? There are no [[I-19]] voice files, kuma”. Then it came to us. “That is, we forgot to record [[I-19]]’s lines, kuma” is what I have to say.
 
'''I: That’s… As she’s a submarine, it means that she’ll be voiced by [[Nakajima Megumi]], same as I-168 and I-58, right?'''

'''T:''' Nope, we thought about having all three of them done by the same person, but in the end decided to have another seiyuu voice [[I-19]]. That’s why we forgot about it. As it was impossible to implement with the event, we shifted our focus to other plans, namely implementation of [[Suzuya]] and [[Kumano]].
 
'''I: Using flamethrowers, I see? (lol)'''

'''T:''' My bad, I apologize. However, it was already to late for Comptiq to apply any last-minute changes to the article, so… It was already past proofreading and at the printing shop. With such a bad timing, we’ve decided to make an exclusive scoop sort of thing. But having this kind of overzealous editor department makes me really happy! [[I-19]] will be implemented in the next update, I apologize!
 
'''I: You’ve had such a secret, huh? Talking about new ships, I’m really interested if there will be any foreign ships implemented?'''

'''T:''' We have very specific plans about this too. I wonder if we could do something about it, by utilizing a submarine expedition.
 
'''I: Will we ships from many different countries?'''

'''T:''' Germany, United States, Britain… We’re thinking about releasing shipgirls from many different countries. We have the kind of “Oh! It’s this guy!” artist booked already. Please look forward to it!
 
'''I: I can’t wait! Continuing, as we mentioned the recent event, did you suspect that 10,000 people will obtain the [[Yamato]]?'''

'''T:''' Correct. It’s a good feeling, very relieving.
 
'''I: Did you expect people trying to shave off the event map gauges with submarines?'''

'''T:''' Yes, of course. However, people were complaining, “I can’t use submarines”, but it's not exactly true. You can use submarines for chipping, although it's not very effective. I also wanted the game to have this "Honestly, I'm using the submarines!" kind of appeal. On the other hand, being able to clear up to 3-4 map (Decisive Fleet Battle of the Northern Sea), is a bit beyond my expectation. As such, the recent update has changed the formations a little bit. We’ve already informed the players.
 
'''I: Flagship type light cruisers also made an appearance. It was a large update, wasn’t it? By the way, [[Yamato]]’s moderate damage art depicts some very bad looking damage to her left side. This reflects the historical facts, but how are this kind of illustrations actually done?'''

'''T:''' Sometimes it’s us, the developers, coming up with such ideas, but artists are also extremely helpful and engaged. For example, [[Shibafu]], responsible for [[Fubuki]] and [[Akagi]], among others, is really accurate. [[Akagi]]’s moderate damage art has bomb holes in the same places as her real life equivalent, at the Battle of Midway. It’s not something we asked for, instead, it’s a product of [[Shibafu]]’s passion. That’s why I believe that shipgirls are created by everybody. This goes for the seiyuu as well. They lend their voice, while checking out each and every possibility, to multiple characters, and put their heart and soul into it. They also perform detailed research of historical facts for each of their shipgirls. Shipgirls aren’t just the text that I write, or data I create. Artists and seiyuu are the ones who bring them to life. Although, I think that it’s the love they receive from the admirals makes them complete.
 
'''I: It looks like KanColle is a joint effort. Well then, I want to ask what’s on your mind for the future of KanColle?'''

'''T:''' I can’t say anything concrete now, but at a very early point of the development process, we’ve shown our designs to our senpais at Kadokawa’s anime department and received feedback and advice from them. Perhaps, thanks to the enthusiasm of all admirals, anime show isn’t just a dream. I would be truly happy if we could see life-like shipgirls move on the TV screen.
 
'''I: Certainly, please! Our time is up, but before we go, a message to the fans please!'''

'''T:''' More and more people want to play Kancolle, and I apologize for being unable to prepare environment capable of letting all of you play immediately. Even now we’re improving our systems and servers. To all the admirals who managed to create an account, as always, you have my sincere gratitude, thank you!  I hope we’ll be able to further create and develop KanColle’s world together with everybody. From now on, with all my heart, please keep supporting and enjoying KanColle and the shipgirls!
|}
''Special thanks to [[User:Huggykaze]] and [[User:-a-nonymous]] for their translation work''


===References===
<references/>


{{Interview}}
[[Category:Interviews]]