==Introduction==
The following interview comes from Famitsu.com's online sight, which was published on '''September 18, 2013.''' which can be found here [https://www.famitsu.com/news/201309/07039658.html]

In the article, Kancolle's main producer, [[Kensuke Tanaka]], talks the origins of how KanColle's development began and how he got offer the chance to turn this simple idea into the reality is has become today.

In addition, he various things regarding game mechanics, some of his personal ships he likes and also vaugely hints about a way ships girls will be able to go to levels beyond level 99....

==How KanColle came to be==

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center; width:100%;
|-
! style="width:50%;"| Japanese !! style="width:50%;"| English
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align: center;"| '''Page 1'''
|-
|style="text-align: left;"|'''──『艦これ』の企画は、そもそもどういった形で始まったのでしょうか？'''

'''田中'''　もともと、私はミリタリーものが好きで、呉や舞鶴、横須賀など、日本海軍の鎮守府跡や要港があった地域を旅したりしていたんです。そして、その魅力や史実をほかの人にも伝えたいと思い、艦船に関する創作活動なども行っていたんですね。そのときに、より多くの人に伝わるようにと、艦艇などを擬人化してコミュニケーションしたらと考えたアイデアが、『艦これ』のきっかけになりました。
 
'''──田中さんが温めていた企画だったんですね。擬人化と言っても女の子限定なのは、やはり、艦船が世界で“女性”として扱われているからなのでしょうか？'''

'''田中'''　そうですね。ただ、そのときはまだ企画を構想したり趣味で本を創っていた程度で、いまの形のブラウザゲームとして実現に動き始めたのは、DMM.comさんで活動されていた知人と再会してからでしたね。以前からとても信頼している方でしたので、「こういうゲームを考えているんだよ」とお話ししたら、「ぜひウチでやってみない？」と。
 
'''──DMM.comさんとご縁があったわけですね。'''

'''田中'''　はい。本作のDMM.comサイドの責任者をされている岡宮さんというプロデューサーで、以前同じゲーム会社で轡を並べていたことあって、話と仕事の展開もとても早く、『艦これ』というブラウザゲームプロジェクトが誕生することとなりました。とても感謝しています。
 
'''──なるほど。運営はどの程度の規模でやられているんですか？'''

田中　コアな運営チームは、10人には届かないくらいの、小規模なチームです。私と創作活動をいっしょにやっていたメンバーを主力に、それぞれ文字通り死力を尽くして開発・運営を行っています。僕自身も、プロデューサー兼ディレクター業務はもちろん、仕様やデータ、艦娘ひとりひとりのセリフや図鑑などをすべて書くなど、チーム自体が小さいのでそれぞれがそれぞれの担当で本当にしゃかりきになっていまも奮闘しています。
 
'''──えっ!?　あのセリフは、すべて田中さんが書いているんですか？'''

'''田中'''　そうですよ（笑）。ついでに言ってしまうと、最初の2ヵ月くらいは、お客様からのお問い合わせサポートも私が直接答えていました。現在はお問い合わせが日に数百通規模なのでとてもひとりでは無理なのでチームで対応していますが、初期はかなりのところまでガチでやっていました。いや、たいへん苦しかったのですが、とてもとても貴重なダイヤモンドのような情報や示唆がそこにはありました。いまの『艦これ』があるのは、この初期の提督の皆さんの文字通りの叱咤激励や真摯な意見具申が本当に効いているのです。ただ、日々の仕事がひと通り終わったあとに最後の力で対応していたので、極限まで疲れがくると球磨や多摩がどうこうという提督に「何とかだクマー」みたいに砕けた表現で返してしまったりと。それで、「もう疲れたクマよ……」と前述の岡宮さんに話したら、「いやいやさすがにもう無理だから」と。それくらい、当初はある種こじんまりとやっていたんですが……。
 
'''──とてもこじんまりとは言えないくらい、たくさんの提督に愛される作品になりましたね。'''

'''田中'''　本当にありがたいと思っています。ホントは全部一瞬の白昼夢なんじゃないかと思うときもありました。もともとは、好きなことのために集まった仲間で、好きなようにがんばろうというプロジェクトだったんです。なので初期は至らない部分も多くて、とくに猫的な意味で……（※通信エラーのこと。通信エラーが起きたときに表示される女の子が猫を抱えていることから）。提督の皆様には本当にご迷惑をおかけしました。提督数が数千名、そして数万人になって、提督たちといっしょに戦い、いっしょに成長していました。しかし、ある時点で、初期に用意したサーバーやシステム環境、ゲーム提供環境の兵站が本当に限界に達してしまって。
 
'''──7月ごろに、新規登録を一時停止していた期間がありましたね。私もそのころに始めました。'''

'''田中'''　ということは、呉鎮守府か佐世保鎮守府ですね？
 
'''──佐世保で遊ばせていただいています（笑）。新規停止の後に呉と佐世保、さらには舞鶴鎮守府を追加しましたよね。'''

'''田中'''　舞鶴鎮守府サーバーは、大型かつ最後のサーバーとなるはずだったんです。ほかのサーバー群も強化/増設し、「四鎮守府体制！　これでもう大丈夫……よし！」と思った矢先、さらに新規ユーザー数が爆発、DAUも落ちないどころか鰻登りという状況に、スタッフと悲鳴をあげました。うれしい悲鳴じゃないんです、本気の悲鳴。サーバー群には健在だった場所にも猫が連鎖的に襲い、たいへんな状況に。サーバー群やシステムをさらに質的にも量的にも拡張して、一部の新規の方には、新設のサーバー群に異動していただきました。申し訳なかったです。ただ、苦闘したであろう、舞鶴鎮守府サーバーでがんばった気持ちにせめて応えるために、ゲーム内家具アイテムで“舞鎮魂”と書かれた掛け軸を作りました。特別な機能とかはないんですが……気持ちです。
 
'''──舞鶴鎮守府サーバーの稼動あたりから、登録者数の増加ペースがさらに驚異的になっていますよね。'''

'''田中'''　最初は細く長く、数万人規模の提督と、ゆっくり愉しんでいけたらと思っていました。サービス開始時の目標は、登録者数10万人規模目標、DAUは20000人規模を最大想定していました……。
 
'''──それがいまや70万人近いという。しかも勢いがとまらない。田中さんは、何が『艦これ』をここまで大きくしたとお考えですか？'''

'''田中'''　さまざまな複合的な要因があるとは思いますが、イチバンは“想い”かと思っています。とくに提督の皆さんの“想い”。例えば『艦これ』に何かを感じてくれた人が、まわりに伝播してくれる……Twitterももちろんですが、Pixivなどで素敵な絵を描いてくれる方や、いろいろな人たちが「自分はこうプレイした」、「こう想った」、「こう感じた！」と再発信してくれる提督が多いんです。この提督の皆さんの「想い」が、『艦これ』をここまで育ててくれていると強く実感しています。記事も広告もほとんど載せていませんでしたし、本当に提督の皆さんの力でどんどん大きくなっていった感じです。
 
'''──確かに、『艦これ』は二次創作も活発ですし、提督たちの熱量をひしひしと感じます。'''

'''田中'''　商業作品とその二次創作。難しい部分もありますが、私たちの『艦これ』では可能な限り、できるだけ自由にやっていただきたいという思いが強いです。『艦これ』のバックグラウンドやカチッとした設定は、ゲーム中ではかなり緩やかにしかお伝えしていないのです。運営からの情報やお問い合わせからフィードバックなどでフォローしている部分はありますが、提督の皆さんが各キャラクターの性格付けやそれぞれの関係値、そして大切な史実から何かを感じていただき、素敵なストーリーやエピソードをどんどん補完してくれたら……そして、それらも取り込んで世界観が充実していったら……そんな作品になれたら『艦これ』と“艦娘”たちは本当に幸せです。
 
'''──ちなみに、ストーリーモードを作ることは考えていなかったのでしょうか？'''

'''田中'''　いえ、じつは最初は企画していました。ただ、ストーリーで「これで感動してください」と言うのではなく、あくまでも創造されたキャラクターの個性やキャラクターどうしの関係性の強調に注力して、あとは提督の皆さんといっしょに創り上げていきたいな……と思っていました。あ、け、けっして制作が間に合わなくて実装しなかったわけじゃないんだからねっ（笑）。
 
'''──なるほど（笑）。キャラクターはどれも個性的ですよね。'''

'''田中'''　そこは本作のエンジンのひとつなので、がんばったつもりです。ただし、それも、提督の皆さんがあってこそ完成します。たとえば天龍を例に取ると、軽巡洋艦の中ではかなーりパラメーター自体は低いのに、登場時に厨二的に「フフフ、怖いか？」と言っちゃう。でも、それだけでは完成していなくて、提督が「うわー怖い（棒）」と反応してくれて初めてキャラが完成するわけです。
 
'''──赤城が大食いキャラになっているのを始め、どんどんキャラクターたちに属性がついていますよね。艦娘のキャラクター原案も田中さんが？'''

'''田中'''　そうです、何かにとりつかれたようにすべて書き上げましたよ！　セリフは僕が書きましたが、キャラの設定はチームでも考えました。たとえば第六駆逐隊のメンバーの個性は、チームの女性プランナーのアイデアをもらいました。「なのです！」とか。
 
'''──小さな船ほど幼い、という感じになっているんですよね？'''

'''田中'''　そうですね。駆逐艦がいちばん小さくて、小学生から中学生前半くらいのイメージです。巨大な艦艇になればなるほど大きくなっていくと。ほかにも建造時期が新しい艦船を若くするという案もありましたが、それだと金剛がたいへんなおばあちゃんになってしまうので却下です（笑）。
 
'''──わはははは（笑）。さて、ユーザーにとっては、ほとんど課金をしなくても十分に遊べる、というところも魅力なのかなと思いますが、いまの課金形態を採用した理由は何なのでしょうか？'''

'''田中'''　私もこれまでにさまざまなブラウザゲームを遊んできましたが、ほとんどのゲームで「なんとか課金しないでプレイしてやろう」と思っていました。中には課金したものももちろんあります。でも自分が作る機会があったら、課金を強いるのはやめたいなと。もし、少しでも気に入ったらゲーム1本買うぐらいを基準に、「この世界の維持に協力して！」という感覚にできたらいいなあと。「お金がないとこれが手に入りません」というものはなくて、時間と根性とリアルラックさえかければ、誰でもなんとかなる……というゲームにできないかなあと考えていました。
 
'''──とてもユーザー目線の考えですね。ただ、サービスとしてやる以上、マネタイズを考える必要はありますよね？'''

'''田中'''　そうですね。マネタイズに関しては、前述の「ゲームを気に入ったら、コンシューマーゲーム1本分ぐらいのお金を払ってくれたらありがたいのです」感覚が基準でした。金額で言うとざっくり7000円くらいでしょうか。ゲームを実際にプレイされた方はお感じかもですが、艦娘を修理するドックを全部解放して2000円、あとは母港拡張とか、趣味の家具とか買っていただければと。
 
'''──確かに、私もドックは解放しましたね。ちなみに、『艦これ』は現在、さまざまなメディアで展開していますが、こうしたコラボレーションはいつごろから動いていたのでしょうか？'''

'''田中'''　サービス開始前から確実に動いていたのは、ファミ通コミッククリアで連載している4コマコミックですね。じつは、コミックの担当をしている同編集長の比企さんとは長い付き合いで、サービスが始まるずいぶん前に、「こんなのをやろうと思っているんだ」と話していました。そうしたら、比企さんもすごく前向きに企画に乗ってくれて。ほかに確定したコラボもとくになかったのでとても心強い思いだったのを覚えています。そして比企さんのパワーに「うわー」と思ったのは、その4コマの作家さん候補 を10人以上も連れてきて、しかもそのすべての方がまたよい感じで！　本当に皆さん素敵な原稿で……「こんなの選べないっ！」と絶叫したような気もします。
 
'''──それはすごい（笑）。'''

'''田中'''　このあいだも、依頼をいただいていたのですが、どうしても運営鎮守府実務的に収録にいけず、私の代わりに『ファミ通コネクト！パーティー』（番組内で『艦これ』を扱った）に出演していただきました……。比企さんは準運営鎮守府のひとりと言って差し支えないありがたい方です。
 
'''──先日は、テレビアニメ『蒼き鋼のアルペジオ』とのコラボレーションも発表されましたよね。'''

'''田中'''　『蒼き鋼のアルペジオ』も旧日本海軍の艦艇をモチーフにした作品ですし、原作や作家さんから大好きでした。だから、テレビアニメ化されると聞いたときは、「何かやれればいいなあ」とほんのり考えていたのですが、そうしたらアニメ版のプロデューサーさんから、「よかったらいっしょにやりましょう！」と話をいただいて。『艦これ』がいまのようにはブレイクしていないころだったのでまた嬉しくて、ふたつ返事で「よろしくお願いします！」と。コラボ企画は双方向なので、ぜひお楽しみに！
 
'''──ここから、ゲーム内容に寄った話をお伺いしたいと思います。まず気になるのが、エラー時に出てくる“エラー娘”です。エラー画面がどんどん新しくなって、新しいエラー娘がどんどん誕生していますが、あれはなぜなのでしょう？'''

'''田中'''　エラー娘の話は、ちょっと長くなりますよ。いいんですか。やめるならいまのうちです……そうですか、しかたない（笑）。そもそも、最初はエラー娘じゃなかったんです。どういうことかと言うと、お忘れの方も多いかもしれませんが、じつは彼女はチュートリアルで出てくる新米提督をナビゲートする女の娘なんですね。だからエラー娘じゃなくて、本当はチュートリアル娘なんですよ。こうなったのには経緯があって、あれは忘れもしない2013年4月23日の話なのですが、サービスを開始したときに、まさかの時の“エラー画面”を準備するのを忘れてしまっていて。
 
'''──これはひどい（笑）。'''

'''田中'''　思わず「ヤバッ！」とスタッフと（苦笑）。ちょうどいいところに、あの猫を持った最高に味のあるキャラクターのイラストがあって、それにテキストを貼りつけてエラー画面を急遽準備したわけです。「エラーなんて滅多にないだろうし、こんな画面誰も見ないよ」と当時は猛烈に、いま考えると最高に恥ずかしいほど慢心していたわけです。結果はご存じの通り。ある時期においては誰もが、そしてもっとも複雑な想いをもって眺める画面となりました……。いや、申し訳ないです。
 
'''──舞鶴鎮守府はとくに不安定でしたね。'''

'''田中'''　あー、もう本当に申し訳ないです。一刻も早く対応したかったですし、実際に各人が全力で作業を進めてもいましたが、それでも当時できることには限界がありました。そんな状況で、「このエラー娘の反省していない表情はありえない！（怒）」という方も多く、いや仰る通り、と。何かできることはないかと考えたときに、「もう土下座するしかない」と。当時は本当に、それしかできなかったので。ただ、絵的には猫に土下座しているわけなんですが……。いや、本当にすみませんでした。現在では、そのころと比べれば、かなり快適にプレイしていただけているのではないでしょうか。
 
'''──なるほど、疑問が氷解しました（笑）。では、ゲームプレイについていくつか教えていただければと思います。まず、装備の開発についてですが、これは第1艦隊の旗艦が関連する、ということでいいんですよね？'''

'''田中'''　はい、そうです。これについては、秘書、つまり第一艦隊旗艦の趣味嗜好が出ると思っていただければ。たとえば空母であれば艦戦や艦爆などの艦載機が気になるでしょうし、戦艦だったら大口径火砲だろうと。そこに、艦載機を作る場合はボーキサイトがポイントとなり、大砲なら鋼材とか弾薬といった形で、開発における資源配分が関わってくる構造になっています。
 
'''──14号電探の数がぜんぜん足りないので、がんばろうと思います（笑）。つぎに艦娘のレア度ですが、これは強さとは直接関係はありませんよね？'''

'''田中'''　すみません、直接的に関係ありません。レア度はどちらかと言うと、出にくさのイメージですね。そうそう、よく巷で、「1度出たことのある艦娘は、以後出やすくなるシステムが搭載」なんてことも言われていますよね。でも、実際には、残念ながらそんなシステムはないのです（笑）。それは、その艦娘がドロップしやすい海域に行けるようになったみたいなことが結果として作用しているわけですが、出たことのある艦娘を記録して、それをフィードバックしてテーブルを変えるみたいな高度かつ複雑なシステムには到達していません（涙）。
 
'''──川内が1度出たら、よく出るようになったなあと思っていたんですが、べつに出やすくなったわけではないんですね。'''

'''田中'''　はい、ぶっちゃけ。ただ、逆に変に複雑なシステムにこだわったところもあるんです。対空装備を例に取ると、自艦だけを守る個艦防空と、艦隊全体を守る艦隊防空に分かれているところなどはそうですね。
 
'''──そういえば、改良型艦本式タービンと強化型艦本式缶をいっしょに装備すると、低速の艦娘が高速になるという話もありましたよね？'''

'''田中'''　あれはまだ実装されていなかったのですが、私がゲーム用語解説のところに書いてしまっていたのをサービスイン前に消すのを忘れていたという……すみません……あれは……いつか実装します！　ただ、そのときはまたいろいろと考えます。たとえば、低速と高速の艦娘が混在している場合のデメリットをいまより強調したりするかもしれません。
 
'''──いまはデメリットはあまりないんですか？'''

'''田中'''　そうですね。あまり感じないと思います。
 
'''──なるほど。ちなみに、田中さんお気に入りの艦娘はいるのですか？'''

'''田中'''　お気に入りはいろいろいますが、たとえば重雷装艦の北上や大井など、基本的に少し変わった艦が好きですね。私は自分が好きな艦ほど、ついヒイキとかはイカンと初期性能を比較的低くしてしまう傾向があるようで……。だから初期ははかなりピーキーで使いにくかったんですが、“改二”に改造できるようになって、やっと提督の皆さんに使ってもらえるようになったと。ちょっとやりすぎた気もしていますが……。ほかに好きな艦種は、航空巡洋艦、航空戦艦などが好きですね。
 
'''──航空巡洋艦は最上や三隈、航空戦艦は伊勢や日向などですね。'''

'''田中'''　このあいだ、海上自衛隊のDDH“ひゅうが”に乗せていただく機会があったんですが、艦の会議室の中に、“ひゅうが”の絵が飾ってあって。その絵をよく見ると、“ひゅうが”の後ろに航空戦艦時代の日向が、まるで守護神のように描かれていて……。それを見たとき、ホロホロホロと泣けてきてしまって。そんな何かを守ろうとするエネルギーや想いは現代の護衛艦にもあるでしょうし、“艦娘”たちもそれを受け継いでいると思いたいですね。提督の皆さんがそういった想いを感じてくださっていたら、少しうれしいですね。
 
'''──『艦これ』を遊んで、艦船のプラモデルや書籍を買った、という人もいるとか。'''

'''田中'''　うれしいですよね。このあいだも、船や艦船模型もムックを出している出版社さんから、重版がかかったという話を聞きました。艦船模型も盛り返しているようですし、少し貢献できてよかったと思っています。
 
'''──そのほか、追加予定のシステムなどはありますか？'''

'''田中'''　現在は、お気に入りの艦娘を99レベルまで育てると、それ以上に育てることができませんが、これを…………。

|style="text-align: left;"|'''Interviewer: How did you even come up with the idea of KanColle?'''

'''Tanaka:''' Firstly, because I love military stuff, I’ve been traveling to sites of old Naval Districts (chinjufu) or important ports of the IJN, like Kure, Maizuru or Yokosuka. As such I thought that I’d like to share their charm and history with others. This resulted in some creative work about warships. It was then that I’ve realized that I’d be able to convey my passion to more people with anthropomorphized warships. This triggered me to create KanColle.
 
'''I: And so, you’ve warmed up to the idea… Even if it’s an anthropomorphization-based project, all the characters are girls. Is it because all around the world ships are regarded as women?'''

'''T:''' That’s right. However, at that time, I was only planning on writing books as a hobby. It wasn’t until reuniting with an acquaintance of mine, who worked at DMM.com, that my work started to take shape as a browser game as we see it now. I’ve always trusted that person, so I talked to him about my plans for such game. He asked if I wouldn’t like to co-operate with them.
 
'''I: And so, the relationship with DMM.com has begun, right?'''

'''T:''' Yes. On DMM.com side Mr. Okayama became the person responsible for this project. As a producer he had worked with quite a few similar games before. Talks and work progression were really fast, and so the project named “KanColle” came to be. I’m extremely grateful for that.
 
'''I: I see. How big of a project was it?'''

'''T:''' The core team was rather small with no more than 10 people. Members who were part of the creative team, as the main force, we were literally working to exhaustion to implement and manage things. I was personally involved as well, obviously as producer and director. Additionally, I was also responsible for the specification and data, and wrote lines and reference books for each and every Shipgirl. As the team is small everybody had to take care of everything, so it’s become quite a strenuous work.
 
'''I: Huh? All these lines are written by you?'''

'''T:''' Yep *laughs*. On this topic, for the first two months I was one of the people taking care of customer support. Nowadays we get hundreds of tickets a day, so it’d be much impossible to do it alone. As such the customer support responsibilities are fulfilled by the entire team, but in the early days a lot of that was on me. It was unbelievably exhausting, but I could find real diamonds in forms of suggestions and information. KanColle as it is today would be literally impossible without loud support and sincere opinions of all the Admirals in the early days. However, after the workday was over, with our last breaths we were taking care of the customer support, replying to Admirals as if we were Kuma or Tama, like “something something KUMA!”. However, when I said “Aaah, I’m so tired, kuma…” to Mr. Okiyama, he told me to stop working and go home. That’s how devoted we were at first.
 
'''I: I can’t say it sounds very nice, but it KanColle’s become loved by many Admirals, right?'''

'''T:''' I’m feeling very grateful for all this. There were times I thought it’s all a hallucination or a dream from which I’m going to wake up at any moment. Originally, we were just a bunch of friends joined by something we love, working hard for a project we loved. As such in the early days a lot of things didn’t work out, one could say we were getting catbombed a lot… (when a communication-related error happens, the game will display a screen with a girl holding a cat). We’ve caused a lot of troubles for Admirals. There are thousands of admirals and it will become tens of thousands. We fought and grew up together with them. However, there are days for which you can’t prepare no matter what. Days when logistics, system or servers just reach their limit.
 
'''I: Around July, new player registration was disabled for some time, wasn’t it? I’ve started around that time too.'''

'''T:''' This means that you’re on Kure or Sasebo, right?
 
'''I: I’m playing on Sasebo *laughs*. After registration restrictions had been lifted, Kure and Sasebo, as well as Maizuru servers were opened, right?'''

'''T:''' Maizuru was supposed to be a large and the last server. Other servers were expanded and given better hardware, so we had reached the point when I thought “We have four servers! That’s enough… Great!”. However, the number of new users exploded and the Daily Active Users amount wasn’t dropping either. It made us scream, and not of joy, we screamed with genuine fear. Even stable and healthy servers were throwing catbombs on regular basis. It was a really tough time. We made some quality and quantity improvements to servers and systems, and transferred some new players to these new servers. It was a difficult struggle, and in order to commemorate all the hard work, we added a special wall scroll furniture which read “舞鎮魂” (Soul Calming Dance). It doesn’t have any special features, but… it holds all our feelings.
 
'''I: Ever since the opening of Maizuru server the number of registrants has skyrocketed, right?'''

'''T:''' At first, I was thinking that I’d be happy as long as I could take it slow with some tens of thousands of Admirals. We expected the number of registrants to be around 100,000, with the Daily Active Users at maximum of 20,000.
 
'''I: The number of players is nearing 700,000 and doesn’t seem to slow down. What do you think is the reason for such popularity?'''

'''T:''' I think there are multiple various and complex reasons, but the most important one, I believe, is the affection KanColle receives. Especially feelings of all the Admirals. You know, when one person falls in love with the game, they’ll spread that feeling around. Of course, various people conveying their feelings and experienced via Twitter, but also portals like Pixiv filled with wonderful art. The strong affection of these Admiral allowed KanColle to become this wonderful. We haven’t really advertised the game in any way, so it truly feels like the game’s been steadily growing solely thanks to the feelings all the Admirals.
 
'''I: It’s true that KanColle has a lot of derivative works, you can truly feel the heat of Admirals’ affection.'''

'''T:''' In both commercial and derivative works, we have a strong desire for as much freedom as realistically possible. The background and setting of KanColle are only loosely touched upon in the game. Although some things were added following the feedback given to us by the management or players, we want everybody to create their own KanColle. If you could take their real histories and breathe life into various characters and their relations, and create wonderful stories with all that. If KanColle becomes something like that, I believe it’ll make all the Shipgirls really, really happy.
 
'''I: By the way, haven’t you thought about implementing a story mode?'''

'''T:''' No… Well, the truth is, I planned to have it at first. However, I didn’t want it to be something like “Please be moved by it”. I focused on emphasizing the individuality of each character and their relationships and later thought that I’d like to do it together with the Admirals. I-it’s not like we weren’t meeting the deadlines and had no time to implement it! *laughs*
 
'''I: I get it *laughs*. Each character is unique after all.'''

'''T:''' Since it’s one of the prime strengths of this work, I’m planning on putting a strong focus on it. However, this too can only be accomplished with the help of all the Admirals. For example, let’s take a look at Tenryuu. Despite being on the weaker side, her introduction line goes like “Fufufu, are you scared?”. By itself it doesn’t complete the character, but Admirals reacting like “Yes, yes, you are sooo scary.” is the first step towards it.
 
'''I: For starters, Akagi's become a heavy eater. Afterwards different characters gradually had various personality traits attached to them. Are you also responsible for all the character drafts?'''

'''T:''' That’s right, I wrote all of them as if something possessed me! Truth is that while I wrote the lines, each shipgirl’s personality is something on what we all worked together, as a team. For example, the idea of personalities which members of the DesDiv6 have was submitted by one of our female planners. “なのです！” is her contribution too!
 
'''I: It feels as if the smaller the ship was, the younger the shipgirl will look like. Am I right?'''

'''T:''' Yep! Destroyers are the smallest, so they look as if they were in elementary school or early years of junior high. The bigger the ship, the more mature the shipgirl will look like. Another idea was to follow ship’s launch date, but poor Kongou would have become an old lady, so we’ve scrapped it.
 
'''I: Wahahaha *laughs*. Well then, if one can put enough effort into the game they don’t need to use any micro-transactions. I think this is yet another charm of KanColle. What made you choose this kind of payment format?'''

'''T:''' I’ve actually played quite a few browser games in the past, and each time I thought to myself, “Well, I can somehow pull it off without paying.”. Of course, there are micro-transactions in these, but if I have an opportunity to not pay, I don’t want to do that. If somebody likes the game, even a little bit, then if I can give them a sense of helping the KanColle world by buying even a single item… that’d be great. I don’t want it to be a game where you can’t achieve anything without money. It may take time, endurance and luck, it may be hard, but in the end, you can make it. That’s the kind of game I want KanColle to be.
 
'''I: You sure can think like the player. However, just like any business, KanColle requires some degree of monetization.'''

'''T:''' About this, as I said, if you like KanColle and can spend as much money on it as on a single pay-to-play game, I’d appreciate it. There are no other criterions. In terms of money, it’s around 7000 yen, right? People who actually play probably know this, but unlocking all Repair Docks costs 2000 yen, add some Port Slot Extensions or maybe stuff like Furniture Fairies, and 7000 yen doesn’t seem so far-fetched.
 
'''I: That’s true, I have my Repair Docks unlocked. By the way, KanColle is currently presented in various media. When did this collaboration begin?'''

'''T:''' One thing that’s started before the game was released is the 4-koma serialized in Famitsu [TL: Fubuki, Ganbarimasu!]. Actually I’ve known the editor-in-chief, Mr. Hiki for quite a long time. We spoke about the project and he was very passionate about starting to work on it. I was really happy about it, as we didn’t have any other collaborations signed yet. I was taken aback when he brought 10 different candidates to write the 4-koma. Each of them had extremely great feeling about themselves. I remember screaming “It’s impossible to choose!!!”.
 
'''I: That’s amazing *laughs*.'''

'''T:''' Recently I received an offer to appear in “Famitsu Connect! Party”, but I couldn’t make it, so I asked Hiki-san to take over for me. He’s such a great guy, I feel like he’s a part of the team.
 
'''I: The other day you’ve had a collaboration with the „Arpeggio of the Blue Steel”.'''

'''T:''' Arpeggio is also themed around the Imperial Japanese Navy and I loved the originally story and its author. When I got to know that its receiving an anime show, I thought to myself, “I should do something about it…”, soon later the producer came up to me with an offer of collaboration. At that time KanColle wasn’t as popular as nowadays, so I was extremely happy and immediately agreed to the proposal. Both our parties worked on it, so please look forward to it!
 
'''I: I’d like to speak about the contents of the game a little bit now. Firstly, I’d like to know more about the Error Musume. The error screen was changed many times and each time a new Error Musume appeared. Why is it so?'''

'''T:''' It’s a long story. Are you sure? You can still ask me to stop… If that’s so, there’s no way around it *laughs*. Originally there was no Error Musume. Let me explain, many players might have forgotten by now, but she’s actually the same fairy who led you through the tutorial. So it’s not really an Error Musume, but a Tutorial Musume. There’s a reason for that, which I will never forget. It happened on 23 April 2013, when the game was officially opened, we realized that we’d forgotten to prepare an error screen.
 
'''I: That’s so cruel! *laughs*'''

'''T:''' We knew it cannot stay this way *smiles bitterly*. At the last moment, we’ve managed to find this fitting character holding a cat, added some text and hurriedly prepared the error screen. We thought, “Meh, it’s not important anyway, nobody’s gonna see it anyway.”. Coming back to it now I think we were a bit too prideful. The result is widely known. At some point it became a very common occurrence, causing a lot of confusion. Please, forgive me.
 
'''I: Maizuru was especially unstable, wasn’t it?'''

'''T:''' Ah, I’m really sorry for that as well. We wanted to solve it as quick as possible, and everybody worked extremely hard, but at that time there were still lots of limitations. Lots of people were saying “She doesn’t look regretful in the slightest! *angry Tanaka noises*”. Well, they were kind of right. When thinking about the solution, all that came to my mind was getting on all four and begging for forgiveness. As such we made Error Musume do that to her cat. I’m really sorry I didn’t do it myself. Comparing to back then, we’ve gone a long way in regards to stability.
 
'''I: Oh, I get it, now all my doubts have been cleared *laughs*. Please tell me about a few things related to the gameplay. Firstly, is it correct to say that there’s a relation between equipment development and your Secretary Ship?'''

'''T:''' Yes, it is. You should think about your Secretary Ship’s likes and hobbies. For example if it’s a carrier, she’s probably interested in carrier aircraft like fighters or bombers, and if she’s a battleship then most likely she’s into Large Caliber Guns. If you’re going for carrier aircraft you should focus on bauxite. For large guns look at steel and ammunition. Resource distribution is important as well.
 
'''I: Since I don’t have nearly enough Type 14 Air Search Radars, I think I’ll have to try my best *laughs*. Next thing I wanted to ask about is the rarity level of Shipgirls. It’s not related to their combat prowess, right?'''

'''T:''' Sorry, there’s no direct relation between the two. The background only indicates how hard it is to obtain the Shipgirl. Oh right, there’s that rumour that if you’ve managed to obtain a certain Shipgirl once, it becomes easier to obtain her again. But the truth is, there is no such mechanic *laughs*. The rumour has it that when you sortie to a map where some Shipgirl is easy to obtain, the system will update the drop tables when this girl drops. Sadly, our systems haven’t reached such degree of complexity *cries*.
 
'''I: When I got my first Sendai, I thought that she’ll become very easy to obtain from that time on, but nothing like that happened.'''

'''T:''' Yes, simply put. However, there are also systems which, to the contrary, use much more complicated mechanics. For example, anti-aircraft equipment works differently when Shipgirl is defending just herself and when she’s participating in the fleet-wide anti-aircraft defense.
 
'''I: Speaking about equipment, there were rumours saying that if you equip Shipgirl with an Improved Kanhon Type Turbine and an Enhanced Kanhon Type Boiler, you can increase Slow Shipgirl’s speed. Is it true?'''

'''T:''' This hasn’t been implemented yet, but I forgot to remove this notion from the Glossary before releasing the game. Please forgive me… But! It’ll certainly be implemented one day. However, until that time a lot may change. For example, mixing Slow and Fast Shipgirls may become inefficient and disadvantageous.
 
'''I: There aren’t any demerits now?'''

'''T:''' Not at all. At least, I don’t think so.
 
'''I: Understood. By the way, is there any Shipgirl that’s special to you?'''

'''T:''' A lot actually, but for example the Torpedo Cruisers like Ooi and Kitakami. Basically, I like ships which change a bit with consecutive remodels. Unfortunately, I seem to have a tendency of lowering the initial performance of my favourite ships. That’s why they were pretty weak at first, but after they received their Kai Ni remodels, they’ve at last become a great choice for all Admirals. I think I might have overdone a bit, but… I also have a soft spot for Aviation Cruisers and Aviation Battleships.
 
'''I: By Aviation Cruisers and Battleships you mean, respectively, [[Mogami]] and [[Mikuma]], and [[Ise]] and [[Hyuuga]], right?'''

'''T:''' Recently I had the chance to visit JMSDF’s DDH Hyuuga. Her briefing room has a picture of Hyuuga hanging on the wall. If you look closely, you can see the silhouette of the Aviation Battleship Age’s Hyuuga drawn like a guardian deity standing behind the modern Hyuuga. When I saw it, I cried like a baby. The feelings and energy devoted to the protection of this country are now carried by these escort ships. I’d like to think that Shipgirls also inherit them. If the Admirals also shared this sentiment, I have to say it’d make me a little bit happier.
 
'''I: There are also people who aside playing KanColle, build plastic models or buy specialized magazines about warships. '''
'''T:''' This makes me very happy, you know. Recently I’ve heard about plans for additional editions of various ship models and ship-oriented magazines. I’m glad we could contribute to this, even if just a little bit.
 
'''I: One more thing. Have you got any plans for additional system upgrades?'''

'''T:''' Currently, you can only raise your favourite shipgirls to level 99, there isn’t anything above that, but…
|}
''Special thanks to [[User:Huggykaze]] for their translation work''


===References===
<references/>


{{Interview}}
[[Category:Interviews]]