* {{color|lime|Green}}: Outstanding
* {{color|gold|Yellow}}: Good
* Since the Luck Stat is difficult to modernize, it is listed as Base(Max).


{{EliteShipsKai
|Shimushu/Kai
|Kunashiri/Kai
|Hachijou/Kai
|Ishigaki/Kai
|-
|Etorofu/Kai
|Matsuwa/Kai
|Sado/Kai
|Tsushima/Kai
|Hirato/Kai
|Fukae/Kai
|-
|Mikura/Kai
|Yashiro/Kai
|-
|Hiburi/Kai
|Daitou/Kai
|-
|Kaiboukan_No.4/Kai
|Kaiboukan_No.30/Kai
|reference_type = 1
|remodel_level_good = 20
|remodel_level_outstanding = 15
|remodel_level_operator = <
|firepower_good = 37
|aa_good = 54
|asw_good = 74
|asw_outstanding = 82
|los_good = 28
|evasion_good = 91
|luck_good = 30
|luck_outstanding = 49
|luck_max_good = 80
}}

==Notes==
* DEs cannot be a replacement for DDs in most maps; unless the map routing specifies otherwise.
* DEs only need 60 ASW value to perform OASW
** While other boats needed 100 ASW Value for OASW
* All Implemented DEs have slow speed. Making it impossible to use them if the fleet needs to be fast.
* DEs cannot equip Torpedoes, Turbines, Engines, Star shells, Searchlight, or Drums.
* They have no Torpedo Stats. Therefore, they cannot participate in ending torpedo strikes with ships that can ending torpedo strikes.
* These ships are generally best used for maps with lots of submarines due to their low ASW requirements for OASW.  
* The plan to implement this ship class had existed since 2013, when the game started, according to the quarterly book 艦これ鎮守府生活のすゝめVol.1 released at the time. Players were told to be patient about their implementation since they were for the final phase of the war, despite stating that they want to release them as soon as possible. The ship class was ultimately implemented in May 2017, during [[Spring 2017 Event|Spring Event of that year]].

{{Reflist}}

==See Also==
[http://compareaboat.kancollewiki.net/ Compare a Boat]
{{shiplist}}
[[Category:Destroyer Escorts]]