{{EquipmentInfo|146}}

==Introduction==
戦闘航海中の海上で燃料弾薬を補給することが可能です。
これを保持した状態で燃料が欠乏すると戦闘航海中に「洋上補給」が発動し、燃料弾薬が洋上で「補給」されます。
長期戦となる艦隊決戦のサポートにご活用ください。
(発動すると消滅します。)

''It's possible to perform resupply on the seas to ships performing combat sailing.''<br>
''When fuel is low while this is being held, "Maritime Resupply" will happen, and fuel & ammo will be replenished on the seas.''<br>
''Please use this well as a support for the final battle, which could become a war of attrition.''<br>
''(Will disappear when activated.)''

==Notes==
*When entering a boss node, a prompt will appear giving a choice to activate the {{PAGENAME}}, restoring '''25%''' of maximum ammo and fuel to each ship in single fleets.
*It can also restore '''15%''' in combined fleets, which applies to both fleets in a [[Combined Fleet]] situation.
*The fuel and ammo cost will be deducted from the player's stockpile.  If insufficient fuel or ammo is available, the {{PAGENAME}} will not activate.
*Will activate regardless of where [[Hayasui]] (and [[Hayasui|Hayasui Kai]]) or [[Kamoi|Kamoi Kai Bo]] is in the fleet.

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Purchasable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Hayasui Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Hayasui}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#Bq3|Bq3]], [[Quests#Bq8|Bq8]] (x4, choice), [[Quests#Bq10|Bq10]] (x4, choice), [[Quests#By3|By3]], [[Quests#B79|B79]], [[Quests#B86|B86]], [[Quests#B107|B107]], [[Quests#B112|B112]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#B142|B142]] (x3, choice), [[Quests#B143|B143]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#B149|B149]] (x3, choice), [[Quests#B158|B158]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#B159|B159]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#C29|C29]] (choice), [[Quests#C33|C33]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#D27|D27]] (x2), [[Quests#D28|D28]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#D29|D29]] (x5, choice), [[Quests#D32|D32]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#D33|D33]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#D35|D35]] (x3, choice), [[Quests#D38|D38]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#F41|F41]]

''From limited-time quests: ''[[Quests/Seasonal#2101LQ6|2101LQ6]] (choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#2103LQ1|2103LQ1]] (x3, choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#7thAnvLB3|7thAnvLB3]] (x7, choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#SB56|SB56]] (choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#SN10|SN10]], [[Quests/Seasonal#W20D1|W20D1]] (x2, choice)

''Event reward for:''
* [[Summer 2015 Event]] E-4: Hard (x3), Medium (x2), Easy
* [[Summer 2015 Event]] E-5: Hard (x2), Medium
* [[Summer 2015 Event]] E-6: Hard (x3), Medium (x2), Easy (x2)
* [[Fall 2016 Event]] E-3: Hard (x4), Medium (x2), Easy
* [[Winter 2017 Event]] E-2: Hard (x3), Medium (x2), Easy
* [[Summer 2017 Event]] E-3: Hard (x3), Medium (x2), Easy (x2)
* [[Fall 2017 Event]] E-3: Hard (x3), Medium (x2)
* [[Winter 2018 Event]] E-3: Hard (x3), Medium (x2), Easy (x2), Casual (x2)
* [[Winter 2018 Event]] E-5: Hard (x3), Medium (x2), Easy (x2), Casual
* [[Early Fall 2018 Event]] E-2: Hard (x3), Medium (x2), Easy (x2), Casual
* [[Winter 2019 Event]] E-1: Hard (x3), Medium (x2), Easy (x2)
* [[Spring 2019 Event]] E-4: Hard (x3), Medium (x3), Easy (x3), Casual (x2)
* [[Fall 2019 Event]] E-2: Hard (x2), Medium (x2), Easy (x2), Casual (x2)
* [[Summer 2020 Event]] E-5: Hard (x3), Medium (x3), Easy (x2), Casual

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2015-08-10:''' '''Implemented'''
* '''2016-04-01:''' Mechanics changed: used when fleet's total fuel+ammo is 25% or less -> can be chosen to be used before boss battles
</div></div>

==See Also==
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]