* By [[User:Benlisquare|Benlisquare]] ''On haitus''
==Chapter 1==
==Chapter 2==
==Chapter 3==
==Chapter 4==
==Chapter 5==
==Chapter 6==
==Chapter 7==
==Chapter 8==
==Chapter 9==
==Chapter 10==
==Chapter 11==
==Chapter 12==
==Chapter 13==
==Chapter 14==
;第１４話

:Trick or Treat！デース‼
:Trick or treat! DESU!
:戦艦　金剛
:Battleship Kongou

:とり・・・鳥居・・・？
:Tori...torii(Shinto shine archway)...?
:（なんですかそれ）
:(What are you talking about?)
:戦艦　霧島
:Battleship Kirishima
:違いマース！Trick or Treatデース！
:Not that! Trick or treat DESU!
:お菓子をくれないとイタズラするヨ！
:If you don't give any candy, I'm going to prank you!

:古代ケルトのお盆みたいな行事ネ！
:It's like an ancient Celt O-bon!
:お化けの仮装をしてお菓子をおねだりするデース！
:You dress up like monsters and ask for candy DESU!
:日本でも似たような風習がありますね
:Japan has a custom like that, too.
:（亥の子でしたっけ）
:(Day of the Boar, I think.)

:なるほど　それでお菓子がもらえなかったらイタズラですか・・・
:I see, and if you don't get any candy, you play tricks, huh...
:そうデース！
:Right DESU!
:金剛姉様がイタズラをしてくださる・・・！？
:Kongou-neesama will play tricks...!?

:おねだりするのは子どもたちだけどネ！
:But only the children do the tricking!
:ワタシたちはお菓子をあげる役ね！
:We're the ones who give the candy!
:（お菓子大好きな子どもたちに大人気間違いなしデース！）
:(We'll definitely get popular will the kids who love candy DESU!
:ですよねー
:Thought so...

;大繁盛
;Thriving

:・・・というわけで今日は鎮守府初のハロウィンパーティデース！
:...With that said, this is the base's first Halloween party DESU!
:みんなお化けの仮装をしてお菓子ねだってきてね
:Everyone dress up as monsters and ask for candy, okay?
:はーーい！
:Okay!

:お菓子だって！
:We're getting candy!
:間宮さんの羊羹食べたい～
:I want to eat Mamiya-san's sweet bean jelly~
:私は最中を所望したい
:I'd like some monaka (bean jam wafer sandwich).
:駆逐艦　長月、文月、皐月
:Destroyers Nagatsuki, Fumizuki, Satsuki

:あ　今日は間宮さんのところには行っちゃダメよ？
:Ah, but don't go to Mamiya-san's place today, alright?
:えーー‼
:Huh--!?

:今日はお忙しいみたいだから・・・ね？
:Looks like she's busy today...okay?
:最中２ケース下さーい‼
:Two monaka cases, please!
:ようかん３ケースちょうだーい
:Gimme three cases of sweet bean jelly~
:（あわわわ）
:(Awawawa)

:!

;得意
;Strong Point

:お化けの仮装かぁ・・・何にしようか？
:A monster costume huh...what should we do?
:駆逐艦　吹雪
:Destroyer Fubuki
:資料によると魔女やカボチャのかぶり物が一般的みたい
:In terms of materials, things like witches and pumpkin headgear seems popular.
:駆逐艦　白雪
:Destroyer Shirayuki

:吸血鬼とかも・・・有名・・・
:And vampires are...famous...
:狼男もかっこいいなー！
:Werewolves are cool, too!
:駆逐艦　深雪、初雪
:Destroyers Miyuki, Hatsuyuki
:お化け・・・の仮装・・・？
:A monster's...costume...?

:幽霊の仮装なら得意よ・・・
:If it's a ghost disguise, I'm good at it...
:戦艦　扶桑
:Battleship Fusou
:あっ　西洋のお化けです！欧州の！
:Ah, a Western type ghost! From Europe!

:そう・・・このバンシー・・・？なら私にもできそう・・・
:Yes...and this banshee...? I can probably do it, too...
:バンシィ泣き女
:Crying Banshee Woman
:扶桑先輩　それは似合いすぎて怖いです・・・！
:Fusou-senpai, that fits so much it's scary...!

;カボチャ頭
;Pumpkin Head

:みんな着替えたー？
:Is everyone changed?
:駆逐艦　舞風
:Destroyer Maikaze

:わぁ！　ジャックオーランタン！
:Wow! A jack-o-lantern!
:頭　おっきい！
:What a big head!
:のう・・・
:Eh...

:この仮装は嫌な予感しかせんのじゃが・・・
:I feel nothing but bad premonitions from this costume...
:（頭が重い・・・）
:(The head is heavy...)
:駆逐艦　初春
:Destroyer Hatsuharu (Top heavy-chan)
:初春ちゃん！？
:Hatsuharu-chan!?

;禁止
;Forbidden

:・・・
:駆逐艦　響
:Destroyer Hibiki

:あれ？響ちゃんは仮装しないの？
:Hmm? You're not going to dress up?
:・・・むぅ・・・
:...Urgh...

:えー　響ちゃんも一緒にやろうよー
:Come on, do it with us!
:そうだよー　銀髪だからきっと仮装似合うよー
:That's right, a costume would definitely work well with your hair!
:しかし・・・
:But...
:何か心の奥でやってはダメな気持ちが
:For some reason, something inside my heart says I can't...

:キャラ縛り・・・！
:Character restrictions...!
:ロシアではハロウィンが行なわれないところもあるそうです
:Looks like Halloween is not practiced in Russia.

;とりっくおあ・・・
;Trick or...

:「とりーと」ってお菓子って意味じゃないんだね
:So "treat" isn't just about candies, huh.
:そうなの？
:Really?

:接待とか・・・招待とか・・・
:Like food...and invitations...
:なるほどー
:I see.
:お菓子だとばっかり
:Thought it was only sweets.
:おー　アレだろ！アレ！
:Ah, it must be that!
:お・も・て・な・・・ (Don't ask me.)
:"Special" hos・pi・tal・it...
:それはあとで恥ずかしくなるからやめよう！？
:It'll get embarrassing if you finish, so stop!

;最強お菓子
;Strongest Treat

:おりっくおあとりーと！
:Trick or treat!
:お菓子くれないといたずらします！
:We'll play a trick on you if you don't give any sweets!
:駆逐艦　三日月、望月
:Destroyers Mikazuki, Mochizuki

:えっと　みんな　アイスでいい？
:Um, is everyone fine with ice cream?
:戦艦　大和
:Battleship Yamato
:わーい‼
:Yay!!

:おしるこもあるからねー
:There's sweet red bean soup, too.
:ぐぬぬ・・・

:やはりアイスは手強いな・・・‼
:Ice cream is tough to beat...!
:戦艦　長門
:Battleship Nagato
:間宮では今日は溶けてしまうからと売っておらんかったのに・・・？
:Even though Mamiya wouldn't sell it today because it would melt...?
:（ラムネあり）
:(Serving Ramune)
:っていうか　いい加減張り合うのやめなよ・・・
:...Or rather, stop trying to compete...
:戦艦　陸奥
:Battleship Mutsu

;ふくろ
;Bag

:とりっくおあとりーと！
:Trick or treat!
:お菓子くれないといたずらしますよー！
:We'll play a trick on you if you don't give any sweets!
:駆逐艦 敷波、綾波
:Destroyers Shikinami, Ayanami
:あらあら
:Oh my.

:急だったからお貸しは用意がないのだけれど・・・
:It was too sudden, so I couldn't prepare any sweets, but...
:軽空母　鳳翔
:Light Aircraft Carrier Houshou

:石鹸だー
:It's soap!
:私のは手ぬぐい！
:I got a hand towel!
:くつしただー！
:Some socks!
:駆逐艦　磯波
:Destroyer Isonami

:鳳翔はん・・・慰問袋はちょっち違いますよ・・・
:Miss Houshou...comfort bags aren't really fitting... (See: Soldier's comfort bags)
:軽空母　龍驤
:Light Aircraft Carrier Ryuujou
:えっ？そうなの？
:Oh? Really?

;おねだり
;Coaxing

:とりっくおあ・・・とりーと・・・？
:Trick or...treat...?
:正規空母　赤城
:Regular Aircraft Carrier Akagi
:正規空母　加賀
:Regular Aircraft Carrier Kaga

:は・・・ハロウィンのというケルトのお盆の始まり文句で子どもたちがお菓子をねだるのだそうよ
:Ha..."Halloween" is a phrase the Celtic used to start their festival of the dead, and THE CHILDREN receive the sweets.
:へぇ・・・
:I see...

:私がボーキサイトでもねだると思った？
:Thought I would ask for some bauxite?
:えっ？いや　そんなことは・・・
:Huh? Well, I wasn't...

:別にお菓子でもご飯でもなんでもいいのよ？
:It can be sweets, or food, anything's alright, you know?
:（子供でーす）
:Yes, I am. (Goes with Kaga's)
:（とりっくおあとりーと）
:(Trick or treat)
:結局ねだるのね
:Going to ask in the end, huh.
:（子供か？！）
:(Are you a child!?)

;戦果リサルト
;Fruits of Battle

:皆さんお菓子たくさんもらえましたカー？
:Did everyone get a lot of candy?

:私は羊羹をたくさんもらいましたよぉ
:I got a lot of sweet bean jelly!
:わたしは最中！
:I got monaka!
:駆逐艦　如月、睦月
:Destroyers Kisaragi, Mutsuki

:・・・どうしたの？
:...What's wrong?
:駆逐艦　涼風、五月雨
:Destroyers Suzukaze, Samidare
:間違えて「お菓子をくれたらイタズラしていいですよ」って言っちゃいました～
:We messed up and said "If you give use sweets, it's okay to prank us"~
:（北上：ハロウィンたのしいねぇ）
:(Kitakami: Halloween sure is fun.)
:でも　お菓子はぱっちりもらったんでい
:But, we still got the candy.
:もらうものはしっかりもらってきたのね・・・
:You got what you came for, huh...
:（えらいわ）
:(How admirable)

;流行
;Fad

:わー　その袋いいなー！
:Wow, that's a nice bag!
:鳳翔さんに石鹸入りのをもらったんだ！
:It came with the soap that Houshou-san gave me!
:いもんぶくろって言うんだって！
:It's called a soldier's comfort bag!

:とりっくおあいもんぶくろー！
:Trick or comfort bag!
:私たちにもいもんぶくろくださいっ！
:Give us some bags too, please!

:ええっ！？お菓子とちゃうのん？
:Wha-!? Not the candy?
:あらまぁ
:Oh dear.

:もう作り置きがないからちょっと待ってね
:I don't have a place to make them here, so please wait, okay?
:（ごめんなさいね）
:(I'm sorry)
:（はーい！）
:(Oka-y!)
:結局　ハロウィンよりも鳳翔さんお手製の慰問袋が駆逐艦の間で大流行しました
:In the end, rather than Halloween, it was Houshou's handmade comfort bags that became all the rage amongst the destroyers.
:（Ｏｈ！体とられたネ‼）
:(OH! She got me!)

[[Category:Merchandise]]
[[Category:Translation]]