'''MikuMikuDance''' is a multipurpose tool that are used to create Animation, Music Video and other stuffs for entertainment purpose. Named after [[Wikipedia:Vocaloid|Vocaloid]] character [[Wikipedia:Hatsune Miku|Hatsune Miku]], MikuMikuDance is a freeware 3D animation program, originally created for use in the Vocaloid community. Although intended for Vocaloid, its ease of use and high customizability gained a foothold among producers outside Vocaloid's fanbase, eventually spreading to KanColle's community. '''MMD KanColle''' (MMD{{lang|ja|艦これ}}) is the term used for a [[Wikipedia:MikuMikuDance|MikuMikuDance]] video where one or more KanColle character models are present. To present a model exists for every KanColle character. These models are often used in videos on [[Wikipedia:Nico Nico Douga|Nico Nico Douga]] or [[Wikipedia:Youtube|Youtube]], some of them having a lasting impact on the KanColle fanbase.

==MMD Cup==
Every year's Summer and Winter since 2008, there exist a competition to let the MMD creators to compete with each others. The videos are submitted to NicoNico Douga by MMD creators not only contains character from Vocaloid, but also other genre such as The IdolM@ster, Touhou Project and others. The link below is the list of past MMD Cup winners with KanColle-based theme or characters involved.
*[[/11th MMD Cup|11th MMD Cup]]
*[[/12th MMD Cup|12th MMD Cup]]
*[[/13th MMD Cup|13th MMD Cup]]
*[[/14th MMD Cup|14th MMD Cup]]
*[[/15th MMD Cup|15th MMD Cup]]
*[[/16th MMD Cup|16th MMD Cup]]
*[[/17th MMD Cup|17th MMD Cup]]
*[[/18th MMD Cup|18th MMD Cup]]

==External Links==
*[http://www.geocities.jp/higuchuu4/index.htm MikuMikuDance Official Website] {{ja icon}}
*[http://www.geocities.jp/higuchuu4/index_e.htm MikuMikuDance Official Website]
*[http://www6.atwiki.jp/vpvpwiki/ VPVP wiki] {{ja icon}}
*[http://www.nicovideo.jp/tag/MMD艦これ MMD{{lang|ja|艦これ}} tag on ''nicovideo.jp'']
*[http://dic.nicovideo.jp/a/MMD艦これ MMD{{lang|ja|艦これ}} on ''Nicopedia''] {{ja icon}}
*[http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=MMD艦これ MMD{{lang|ja|艦これ}} tag on ''youtube.com'']
*[https://sites.google.com/site/mmdcuphp/ MMDCup Official Website] {{ja icon}}

[[Category:Fanon and Memes]]
[[Category:Miscellany]]