=Introduction=

Resources encompass everything you need to run your base. They can be categorised into:

* Primary resources: Fuel {{Fuel}}, Ammunition {{Ammo}}, Steel {{Steel}}, and Bauxite {{Bauxite}}
* Secondary resources: Instant Repairs {{IR}}, Instant Construction {{IC}}, Development Materials {{DM}}, Improvement Materials {{IM}}, and Furniture Coins {{FC}}
* Special resources: [[Blueprint]]s {{BP}}, [[Action Report]]s {{AR}}, [[Prototype Flight Deck Catapult]]s {{Protopult}}, [[New Model Gun Development Material]]s {{GunMat}}, [[New Model Aviation Development Material]]s {{AvMat}}, and [[New Model Rocket Development Material]]s {{RocketMat}}

Primary resources, development material and instant repair counts can be viewed on the home screen. Improvement material counts can also be viewed on the home screen depending on the UI selection. Please see [[Home Port]] for more details.

The count of other resources can be viewed at the inventory menu. Please see [[Inventory]] for more details.

You will require ample amount of primary and secondary resources for day-to-day operations. Special resources are required for [[Remodel_(Mechanic)|remodeling ship girls]] and [[Improvement|upgrading equipment]]. Note that some secondary resources are required for the two functions as well.

=Obtaining Resources=
===Natural Regeneration===

Natural regeneration only affects '''primary resources'''.
* It only occurs when you fall below the [[#Soft Cap|soft cap]].
* It continues to accumulate when you are not logged in.
** It will also continue to accumulate during server maintenances.
* Regeneration ticks every '''3 minutes'''.

Please see the table below for calculated accumulated regeneration:
{| class="wikitable"
!style="text-align: center; border-radius: 6px 0 0 0; border-style: solid; border-width: 1px; background-color:#99CCFF;"|Time
!style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 1px; background-color:#99CCFF;"|{{Fuel}} / {{Ammo}} / {{Steel}}
!style="text-align: center; border-radius: 0 6px 0 0; border-style: solid; border-width: 1px; background-color:#99CCFF;" |{{Bauxite}}
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|3 Minutes
| style="text-align:center;"|+3
| style="text-align:center;"|+1
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|1 Hour
| style="text-align:center;"|+60
| style="text-align:center;"|+20
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|1 Day
| style="text-align:center;"|+1,440
| style="text-align:center;"|+480
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|1 Week
| style="text-align:center;"|+10,080
| style="text-align:center;"|+3,360
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|22 Days
| style="text-align:center;"|+31,680
| style="text-align:center;"|+10,560
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|30 Days
| style="text-align:center;"|+43,200
| style="text-align:center;"|+14,400
|}

===Expeditions===

Expeditions can be used to gain both primary and secondary resources. Please see [[Expeditions]] for more details.

* It is the best and fastest way to gain resources quickly.
* Having all four fleets unlocked is necessary for maximising expedition returns.
* Expeditions will allow you to exceed the soft resource cap.

===Quests===

Quests give both primary and secondary resources as rewards. They are also your main source of most special resources. Please see [[Quests]] for more details.

* For quests to be a net gain, you need to carefully consider the fleet composition. Using ships that are too expensive to run, can mean a loss.
** Sometimes it is best to sacrifice primary resource gain in order to gain secondary resources.

===Sorties===

Sorties can provide primary resources, instant repairs, instant construction, and development materials by collecting them from [[Nodes#Resource Nodes|resource nodes]]. Blueprints and improvement materials can be indirectly gained by clearing extra operations to earn medals and present boxes. Please see [[Help:Resource Farming|Resource Farming]] and [[Blueprint#How to Obtain|Blueprints]] for more details.

===Cash Shop===

You can purchase primary and secondary resources from the cash shop. Please see [[Shop]] for more details.

* It is inadvisable to purchase anything but fuel or bauxite as these are the only two that come in value packages.
* Improvement materials can be considered for purchase because of their usefulness and rarity.
** Other special resources are abundant in game and inadvisable to purchase.

===Scrapping Ship Girls/Equipment===

Scrapping ship girls or equipment will provide you with fuel, ammunition, steel, and bauxite. Scrapping ship girls is one of the best methods to earn steel, especially with large ships. Please see individual ship girl and equipment pages for their scrap value.

===Sinking Ship Girls===

Sunk ship girls have their unused fuel and ammo added to the stockpile. This method provides more fuel and ammo than scrapping but no steel or bauxite. Please see individual ship girl pages for how much resources they will give on sinking. Note that you will not get the full amount of their "consumption" figures, only the remaining amount.

=Resource Caps=
===Soft Cap===

<math>\text{Cap}_\text{soft} = \left(\text{HQ Level} +3 \right) \times 250</math>

* The soft cap only applies to primary resources ({{Fuel}} / {{Ammo}} / {{Steel}} / {{Bauxite}}).
* The current soft cap is displayed in your [[Military Record]] page.
* The soft cap only limits [[#Natural Regeneration|'''natural regeneration''']].
** It can be exceeded using other resource gain methods.

{| class="wikitable mw-collapsible mw-collapsed"
|+Soft Cap by HQ Level
|-
!style="text-align: center; border-radius: 6px 0 0 0; border-style: solid; border-width: 1px; background-color:#99CCFF;"|HQ Level
!style="text-align: center; border-radius: 0 6px 0 0; border-style: solid; border-width: 1px; background-color:#99CCFF;" |Soft Resource Cap
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|1
| style="text-align:center;"|1,000
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|5
| style="text-align:center;"|2,000
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|10
| style="text-align:center;"|3,250
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|15
| style="text-align:center;"|4,500
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|20
| style="text-align:center;"|5,750
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|25
| style="text-align:center;"|7,000
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|30
| style="text-align:center;"|8,250
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|35
| style="text-align:center;"|9,500
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|40
| style="text-align:center;"|10,750
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|45
| style="text-align:center;"|12,000
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|50
| style="text-align:center;"|13,250
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|60
| style="text-align:center;"|15,750
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|70
| style="text-align:center;"|18,250
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|80
| style="text-align:center;"|20,750
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|90
| style="text-align:center;"|23,250
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|100
| style="text-align:center;"|25,750
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|110
| style="text-align:center;"|28,250
|-
| style="text-align:center;"|120
| style="text-align:center;"|30,750
|}

==Hard Cap==
The hard cap was implemented on March 28, 2014. It is the absolute maximum that you are allowed to stockpile resources.<br>
As of November 13, 2020, the primary resource hard cap has be updated to 350,000.

* Primary resources: 350,000
* Secondary resources: 3,000
** Furniture coins: 200,000
* Special resources: unknown but speculated to be 3,000.

=References=
{{reflist}}

=See Also=
[http://wikiwiki.jp/kancolle/?%BB%F1%BA%E0#c9c747e4 Original source]

{{Mechanics}}