==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Summer 2020 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

==Grunilgs proposal==

'''Phase 1: Transport Phase'''

* Empty the TP Gauge

* Composition: 1CL 4-5DD

* Route: A-B-C-D-G-(H/J)-K-L with D and G being Submarine Nodes, H/J light surface engagements and L the transport boss with a Submarine Flagship

* Daihatsu Class Landing Craft and Drum Canisters help accelerate emptying the TP gauge. One or two OASW Ships are useful for the prebosses and Boss

'''Phase 2: Unlocking the Boss'''

* S-Rank Node F

* Composition: N/A

* Route: A-B-C-E-F, F is a submarine Node

'''Phase 3: Defeating Abyssal Usugumo'''

* Defeat (Insert actual princess name here). At 590 HP and 200 Armour she is quite tanky and is being escorted by one submarine, but the Rest of her escort is not threatening

* Compositions: 1-2CL 4-5DD, CA CL 4DD

* Routes: A-B-C-E-F-N-T or A-B-C-E-F-O-R-Q-T, with R being a submarine Node, and R and N being light surface engagements

* TCI and/or historical bonus ships (like Ushio) may be needed to defeat the boss at higher difficulties
==DarkHeron's Proposal==
Phase 1: TP Phase
* TP Phase for this phase is very long
* Fleet: 1 CL 5 DD and bring at least 1 DLC carriable DD for quicker and faster TP Drain
** 4 Daihatsu 2 Drum is about 60 TP per S rank
* Have some oasw as the boss is a flagship Yo-class Submarine along with surface ship
** Using Boss Support is highly recommended to take those surface ships out

Phase 2: Unlocking the Boss

* S rank Node F

Phase 3: Killing/Sinking Abyssal Usugumo

* 1 CA 1 CL 4 DD or 1-2 CL 4-5 DD
* Use surface guns and 1 OASW max to both survive the trip to the boss and be able to fight the boss
** Using support expedition will lighten the load at the boss and allow higher passing rate to the boss
* It will take about 4-5? S rank runs to clear the boss on Hard Mode?

==Totaku's Proposal (Finalizing for Friend Fleet)==

'''Preparation'''

'''The event is likely to have several shiplocks (E-1 to E-4 already contain 4 separate locks), please plan your locks carefully.'''

For this operation, you will be depending on a light fleet to complete a transport operation and ultimately take out a boss of this map. There are several ships that do have bonuses, associated with Ki-504 and the 5th Fleet from the North Pacific:

'''Ship Bonuses (Tentative)'''

''5th Fleet Bonus''

* [[Nachi]], [[Ashigara]], [[Kiso]], [[Tama]], [[Abukuma]]
** 1.15x bonus (Nodes H, J, N, Q)
** 1.26x bonus (Boss Nodes M, T)
**[[Ashigara]] - also has bonus in E3
**[[Abukuma]] - also has bonus in E3

* [[Kasumi]], [[Shiranui]]
** 1.25x bonus (Nodes H, J, N, Q)
** 1.37x bonus (Boss Nodes M, T)
**[[Kasumi]] - also has bonus in E2, E3
**[[Shiranui]] - also has bonus in E3


''Ki-504 Fleet Bonus''

*[[Akebono]], [[Ushio]]
** 1.36x bonus (Nodes H, J, N, Q)
** 1.55x bonus (Boss Nodes M, T)
**[[Ushio]] - also has bonus in E2


''Other Bonus''

* All other DDs bonus - 1.09x (all nodes)
* All DEs - 1.34x (all nodes)

'''Some ships also have bonuses in later maps!''' [[Akebono]] is probably a safe choice to lock here, possibly [[Ushio]] as well. But things are subject to change once more information is available.

'''Phase 1: Transport Phase'''

During this phase of the operation, you will be depleting a TP gauge. The battles are simple but the length it take to completion is quite long.

* '''Composition:''' '''1CL/DE,4-5 DD'''
* '''Route: A-B-C-D-G-(H+I/J)-K-L '''
* D and G being Submarine Nodes, H/J light surface engagements and L the transport boss with a Submarine Flagship.
** I is an additional submarine node which you may be routed to depending on fleet composition (as of this time, 1CL 5DD appears to route this way).
** But it is not a particularly dangerous node and is probably worth taking to reduce the TP gauge more quickly with more ships overall.
* [[Daihatsu]]s and [[Drum Canister]]s help accelerate emptying the TP gauge. Keep in mind that this may take a while depending on the difficulty and you may wish to preserve Daihatsu carrying ships to later event maps.
* One or two OASW Ships are useful for the sub nodes and Boss

Boss at node L is a Submarine along with a team of destroyers, if you bring the recommended gear, you should be able to pass the node successfully under double line. Repeat until TP gauge is clear.

'''Phase 2: Unlocking the Boss (Hard Mode Only)'''

As part of the requirements to unlock the path to the boss you will need to clear Node F and with an S rank. This can be done Phase 1.

* Composition: N/A

* Route: A-B-C-E-F, F is a submarine Node

You will also need an S rank from Node M, this condition will likely be met with the compltion of phase 1. 

Once the conditions from phase 1 and 2 are met the path to the boss node is open.

'''Phase 3: Defeating the [[Abyssal Kurile Island Princess]]'''

In this phase the enemy fleets are not much different so much of how you handled phase 1 can be done here, but without the transport equipment. However depending on the difficulty, you may need to bring different comps if you wish to take different paths. List below are a few comps that are notablly effective:

<tabber>
|-|1-2 CL ,0-1 DE, 4-5 DD Comp=
* Route: ''' A-B-C-E-F-N-T (Casaul - Normal) or A-B-C-E-F-O-R-Q-T (Hard) '''
* Node F and R being a submarine Node, and Q and N being light surface engagements, use Line abreast and vanguard respectively.
* Los needed to reach node the boss node for Hard is 29 (Cn2)
* TCI and/or historical bonus ships (like Ushio and Akebono) may be needed to defeat the boss at higher difficulties.
|-|1CA, 1CL 4DD Comp=
* Route: ''' A-B-C-E-F-N-T (Casaul - Normal) or A-B-C-E-F-O-R-Q-T (Hard) '''
* Node F and R being a submarine Node, and Q and N being light surface engagements, use Line abreast and vanguard respectively.
* Los needed to reach node the boss node on Hard is 29 (Cn2)
* Allow for a stronger fleet output, but otherwise TCI and/or historical bonus ships (like Ushio and Akebono) may be needed to defeat the boss at higher difficulties.
|-|
1CL 4DD Comp=
* Route: ''' A-B-C-E-F-N-T (Hard)
* One of the few comps that can take an quick shortcut on hard difficulty
* Los needed to reach node the boss node for Hard is 29 (Cn2)
* TCI and/or historical bonus ships (like Ushio and Akebono) may be needed to defeat the boss due to having only 5 ships.
|-|
1CL 3DD 2DE Comp=
* Route: ''' A-B-C-E-F-N-T (Hard)
* Currently the only comp to allow 6 ships to travel the short cut to the boss node.
* Los needed to reach node the boss node for Hard is 29 (Cn2)
* Depending on the level of your DEs and thier ASW level, it may be possible to kill the boss's submarine on line ahead in most confrontations allowing for better damage.
* TCI and/or historical bonus ships (like Ushio and Akebono) may be needed to defeat the boss
|-|
</tabber>

Defeating [[Abyssal Kurile Island Princess]] should be simple in most casse if you remember to bring historical ships and a good TCI unit. At 590 HP and 200 Armour on hard mode she is quite tanky and is being escorted by one submarine, but the rest of her escort is not threatening as they mainly consist of only destroyers. Having an OASW ship or two can wipe out the sub easily before the battle begins as you will need to focus on wiping out her escort fleet before night battle while using the double line formation. In addition, with her tanky armor, she will need a strong attack to take her down. So if you have historical ships like [[Ushio]] and [[Akebono]] present it should make it more likely to finish her off.

While it is not necessary, if for some reason she provides difficulty in clearing, you can resort to supporting shelling to make it more easy to win.

'''Regarding Friend Fleet'''

If you for some reason find the boss difficut, you can resort to Friend Fleet to deliver the successful blow. Almost any fleet will do, although the DE based friend are debatable. Most of these friend fleets are gear to helping newer players clear however. So nearly all of them should do for this segment.

Once she has been defeated, the map is considered complete.