Ships with IPA of some kind implemented onto their pages:
*[[Hibiki|<span style="cursor:help;" title="[vʲˈernᵻj]">Верный</span>]]
*[[Prinz Eugen|<span style="cursor:help;" title="[ˈpʁɪnts ɔʏˈɡeːn]">Prinz Eugen</span>]]
*[[Z1|<span style="cursor:help;" title="[lebəʁɛçt ˈmaːs]">Leberecht Maass</span>]]

Of late, my attention has been drawn to people (Mostly over streams) butchering certain kanmusu names and foreign terms, which is completely understandable given the community's dominantly English-speaking/reading/writing background. However, this is even further enforced by the silly pronunciation used by many foreign ships. On account of this, I want to follow suit to many other English-based communities centered around foreign products/services/media by including IPA where possible.

The first issue with this, however, is that most users aren't immediately familiar with how to interpret IPA. For this reason, I am drafting a reference page that will be as concise as possible to help the average user. 

Reasoning:
*To sate users' curiosity regarding a certain name, term or phrase; I don't expect people to understand it everywhere possible, but with this reference most users should be able to tackle a a single bit of text without consuming too much time and without having to use multiple external resources.
*To help prevent the mis-pronunciation of German lines in particular from being entrenched in users' minds.
*Even if it isn't used extensively, as a wiki, accuracy is paramount.
*The next time someone pronounces "Eugen" as /juːˈdʒiːn/ (ew-JEEN), I'm going to shatter a nearby window and scold a litter of new-born kittens.

A primary concern of mine is the IPA symbols being too conspicuous on pages; my desire is to have it appear only as scroll-over text for foreign terms (Other than those in JP...) under kanmusu quote sections. IPA could possibly be extended to kanmusu names as well inside their card templates, being displayed in a smaller font underneath their rōmaji names.

For these reasons, rather than a comprehensive IPA guide that extends beyond the scope of this wiki's needs, this will be directed exclusively at reproducing sounds in the context of the English language, in a similar manner to [[Wikipedia:International_Phonetic_Alphabet_chart_for_English_dialects|this]].

:So, It might just be me, but we could just do an IPA symbol for each japanese syllable and the common romanization, along with explaining pronounciation rules and giving some particular examples (the Tone class comes to mind). [[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 07:39, 19 June 2015 (UTC)
::Also Also we could put the IPA in the [[Template:Trivia]] I am making. [[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 07:40, 19 June 2015 (UTC)

::<nowiki><span style="cursor:help;" title="[Fancy IPA Symbols]">Jun'you</span></nowiki> <-- The syntax I use for inserting IPA. IPA won't work with a 1:1 ratio of symbols to kana, unless you meant something else. I'm very curious about the template possibilities in implementing these. I definitely agree with providing the common romanization, the Japanese name, and then a third element, which in this case would be mouse-over IPA. As you might have seen, the new poop template follows a similar convention, only it discloses furigana instead of IPA. I don't think this is useful at all, given how we already have the romanization, but others may feel differently. I'll update a list of ships that have scroll-over IPA implemented (No Japanese ships yet) at the top of the page for reference if anyone is curious.

::I am really pondering making the IPA plain text, in a similar convention to Touhou Wiki (See http://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Remilia_Scarlet), for Japanese ship names, though I'm still very much leaning towards the current idea.[[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 08:06, 19 June 2015 (UTC)