==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Sandbox/Summer 2018 Event|Event Page Sandbox]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

==Totaku's Proposal==

In this map, you will be taking a large number of tasks in order to complete this operation. Depending on the difficulty, different things will be required in order to complete the map. Below are the following main conditions you'll need to complete in order to successfully complete this operation:

# Complete the '''[[Transport Operation]]'''
# Unlocking '''ZZ Node''' and improving the Buffing the '''[[Abyssal Sun Princess]]''' weakness debuff
#* Complete the Air Node requirements
#* Gain Perfect Defense Twice
#* Defeat the '''[[Southern War Princess]]''' Fleet with an S rank
# Defeat the '''[[Abyssal Sun Princess]]'''

In addition to this,there are also a sizeable team of historical ships that are tied to the area which are strong at both nodes boss nodes Which includes the following:

'''E-3 (Pre ZZ/Post ZZ Unlock)'''<br>
* [[Isokaze]], [[Hagikaze]], [[Arashi]]: 1.77/2x modifier bonus
* [[Kawakaze]] - 1.43x/1.65x modifier bonus
* [[Shigure]], [[Yukikaze]], [[Hatsushimo]], [[Shiratsuyu]], [[Tanikaze]], [[Urakaze]], [[Shiranui]], [[Kagerou]], [[Hamakaze]], [[Naganami]] - 1.3/1.5x modifier bonus
* [[Yuudachi]], [[Ayanami]], [[Akizuki]], [[Asashio]], [[Kasumi]], [[Hatsuzuki]], [[Ooshio]] - 1.3x/1.3x modifier bonus
* [[Sendai]], [[Myoukou]], [[Haguro]] - 1.25x/1.25x modifier bonus

'''Phase 1 - Complete the Transport Operation'''

'''Recommended Fleet''' <br>
* '''1CAV, 1CL, 4DD''' (0/3/4/5 Surface Radar)
* '''2CA(V), 1 CL, 3DD''' (0/3/4/5 Surface Radar) 
* '''1CV, 1CL, 4DD''' (0/3/4/5 Surface Radar)

'''Path: A-F-E-I-L-S-P'''

'''Recommended LBAS'''

'''Node E and/or L (LBAS 1)'''

* '''4 Torpedo Bombers/4 Land Base Bombers''' (Distance of 3 or 5 Required)

'''Node S Boss Node (LBAS 2+3)'''

* '''1 Fighter + 3 Torpedo Bombers/3 Land Base Bombers (LBAS 2)''' (Distance of 7 required)
* '''4 Torpedo Bombers/4 Land Base Bombers (LBAS 3)''' (Distance of 7 required)

During the Transport Operation, your fleet will have to go through several air node battles where AACI will be needed. In addition to this, your fleet will engage against a few surface battles where you face several Destroyers, Light Cruisers, and Heavy Cruisers. Depending on the fleet you go either line ahead or vanguard formation. 
 
As long as you bring the required surface radars (0/3/4/5) to you should be able to avoid the ambush node. 

Most of the comp as long as you bring 1CL and 3 DD should reach the boss fleet but otherwise depending on what other ships you bring may affect how much TP you gain from the map.

A general recommendation is to bring at least 2-3 ships that can carry drums and Daihatsu while keeping the other ships with a suitable amount of combat and LoS gear. 

You will need a considerable amount of LoS gear (2 seaplane scouts + 5 radars noted in hard) to be able to route to the boss. 

The boss node will consist of a [[Southern Princess]] along with some Tsu-class CL, and some DDs. Bringing at least 1 fighter plane in your LBAS should help net an easy AS if you bring a ship that can bring a single fighter into battle. All other LBAS planes can focus on bombing and should be able to wipe out most of the enemy ships in the fleet.

A good strong historical bonus ship team or Torpedo Cut in should be effective in taking down the boss without minimal effort. With enough TP it should be possible to clear the first part in several runs.  

Once the TP gauge is depleted the path to the next boss will be open.

'''Phase 2 - Unlocking the Path to ZZ'''

In this segment, you will be mainly using your fleet to complete a large series of tasks which will require you to change your fleet across sections along with your LBAS to meet specific requirements so you can meet the following conditions: 

#* Complete the Air Node requirements 
#* Gain Perfect Defense at your Land Base Once/Twice
#* Defeat the '''[[Southern War Princess]]''' Fleet with an S rank

Each of these conditions will vary upon difficulty and will ask you to successfully complete them if you wish to unlock the shortcuts.

'''Part 1 - Scoring an S rank against the '''[[Southern War Princess]] in Node S'''


'''Fleet and LBAS Recommendations'''

'''Same as Phase 1'''

'''Path: A-F-E-I-L-S-P'''

For defeating the [[Southern War Princess]] in this segment, all process is done the same way as you would do in the transport segment except you won't need drums or Daihatsu as you are past this segment. All process be the same and bringing boss node support may help complete the process faster. 

'''Part 2 - Complete the Air Node requirements'''

In this segment, you will be taking your fleet to various air nodes and depending on the difficulty you will need to complete the following conditions:

'''Score Air Supremacy on the following nodes:'''

* Casual: Nodes '''F and K'''
* Easy: Nodes '''D,F,I,K, and T'''
* Normal: Nodes '''D,F,I,K,N and T'''
* Hard: Nodes '''D,F,I,K,N,T, and *U'''

'''<nowiki>*</nowiki>Node U only need Air Superiority'''

'''Submarine Approach (for nodes D, F, I, K, N, and T) '''

'''Recommended Fleet'''

* '''5-6 SS(V)''' (4 SSV recommended)

'''Recommended LBAS'''

'''LBAS 1-3'''

* 4 Fighters''' (Up to a Range of 5 needed)


'''Path:'''

* '''A-F-E-B-H-I'''
* '''A-C-D-G-K-O-N'''
* '''A-C-D-G-J-T'''

This method is recommended for players who own a large number of seaplane fighters (about 7-8 for Hard) and want to successfully complete most of the requirements without having to blow through a large number of resources doing so. 

Most of the nodes should be reachable with submarines and for hard mode can cover almost all major node points with the except for '''Node U'''.

This method will require multiple runs with all your LBAS concentrating on one point per run to successfully score AS+. If done correctly, your subs should easily gain AS+ with the 7-8 Seaplane fighters. Once done, retreat and repeat at each node until all conditions are met in set locations

Additional Notes to be taken are:

Be warned that an all submarine fleet has the risk of going to '''Node B  from Node E''' While the enemy DDs will show animations of them shelling your subs, the '''damage they will do to your fleet will be the same as an ASW attack'''. It's highly recommended to '''not take your submarines past node E if they are critically damaged, as they will be at risk of sinking!'''

All other nodes (Besides U) can be reachable by subs and can get there without the risk of sinking (besides Node I's path which is the only one that presents the risk of possible sinking.)

'''Single Fleet Air Control Approach (Node F and I)'''

'''Recommended Fleet''' <br>
* '''1CV, 1CAV 1CL, 3DD''' (0/3/4/5 Surface Radar)

'''Path:'''

* '''A-F-E-I'''

'''Recommended LBAS'''

'''LBAS 1-3'''

* 4 Fighters''' (Up to a Range of 5 needed)

This will have your fleet take the very same path as you took in the prior path during the transport phase, the only main difference is you'll be using a fighter mule fleet to gain AS on the nodes F and I. By bringing enough fighter planes, this should be easily achieved once you get past node E. 

'''Carrier Task Force Air Control Approach (Node D, K, T, and U)'''

'''Recommended Fleet''' <br>
*'''Carrier Task Force'''
** '''4CV(B), 2BB + 1 CL, 2DD, 3XX'''

'''Path:'''

* '''A-C-D-G-K'''
* '''A-C-D-G-J-T-U'''

'''Recommended LBAS'''

'''LBAS 1-3'''

* 4 Fighters''' (Up to a Range of 6 needed)

With this method, using a fleet of standard carriers or armored carriers will allow your fleet to bring a significant amount of air power without having to resort to organizing a set of carriers as fighter mules. If you use them along with an LBAS or 2, you can gain AS from almost all the nodes along the path. 

Your two major threats will be the [[New Submarine Princess]] and the Surface Fleet on Node J. So if necessary, bring in some pre-ASW capable ships to help make your way through node C and hope the enemy fleet you engage in node J is not present in a line ahead formation and the likely hood you'll survive the route to reach all the major node points will be easily achieved. 

'''Transport Combined Fleet Air Control Approach (Node N)'''

'''Recommended Fleet''' <br>
*'''Transport Combined Fleet'''
** '''(2BBV/2CAV/1AV,CVL), 4DD + 1 CL, 3DD, 2XX'''

'''Path:'''

* '''A-C-D-G-K-O-N'''

'''Recommended LBAS'''

'''LBAS 1-3'''

* 4 Fighters''' (Up to a Range of 5 needed)

Arguably the most difficult path you will need to face in the map. The main threats of this map will be Nodes C and O. Which will have a [[New Submarine Princess]] (Node C) and [[Battleship Princess]] (Node O)

Your (2BBV/2CAV/1AV,CVL) will need to be full fighter mules and bringing a team of per-emptive ASW DD/DEs can help you survive the trip along the ways. However, the battleship princess node will present the biggest issue as their fleet will likely be able to land hits on your ships and the risk of possible critical damage is strong, especially for the main fleet. Hope you get by with moderate damage or use damage control as a form of insurance on some ships to take the move to Node N. 

Bringing In route support can be recommended to help reduce the likely hood that the enemy DDs in the fleet will present a risk.

If you brought all your fighter planes and LBAS fighters to this node, gaining AS+ should make this an easily done.


'''Part 3 - Scoring Perfect Defense on the Land Base Air Strike'''

'''Recommended Fleet''' <br>

*'''5-6 XX''' (submarines preferred)


'''Recommended LBAS'''

'''LBAS 1-3'''

* 4 Interceptors/Fighters''' 

In this segment, you will simply need to get a '''Successful Perfect Defense on the Land Base Air Raid''' (Once on '''Easy or lower'''/ Twice on '''Normal or Higher''') Just take your fleet out until the air raid siren play which will cue the LBAS air raid, hope your interceptors and fighters wipe out or eliminate all incoming planes and you get a White Text indicating you successfully defended your base. Repeat if necessary until conditions are met. 

Once all conditions are met, '''the path to ZZ is open and most of the ships with historical buffs will become much stronger following the unlocking.'''


'''Phase 3 - Killing the [[Abyssal Sun Princess]]]'''

'''Recommended Fleet''''<br>
*'''Surface Task Force'''
**'''2-3 BB,0-1CV,2-3 CAV,0-1 AV, 0-1 LAH +  1 CL, 2CA, 0-1 CLT, 2-3 DD''' (3/4/5/6 Surface Radars)
**'''2-3 BB,0-1CV,1-2 CAV,0-1 AV,,0-1 CVL, 0-1 LAH +  1 CL, 2CA, 0-1 CLT, 2-3 DD''' (6/7/8/9 Surface Radars)

'''Path:'''<br>
'''A-C-D-G-J-T-ZZ-Z'''

*'''Carrier Task Force'''
**'''2 BB, 4CV + 1 CL, 2-3 XX, 2-3 DD'''

'''Path:'''<br>
'''A-C-D-G-J-T-U-W-Z'''

'''Recommended LBAS'''

'''ASW LBAS (Node C and ZZ)''' (Optional, but recommended)

*'''LBAS 1'''
**'''3-4 Toukai/3 ASW Bombers + 1 Flying Boat''' (Range 7 Required)

'''Boss Node LBAS'''

*'''LBAS 1-3'''

*'''LBAS #1 and #2'''
** '''2 Fighters + 1 Land Base Bomber + 1 Flying boat / Land Base Recon Plane''' (Range 8 Required)


*'''LBAS #3'''
** '''1 Fighters + 2 Land Base Bomber + 1 Flying boat / Land Base Recon Plane''' (Range 8 Required)

'''Regarding Surface Task Force Method'''

In this final phase of the operation, the path to the boss to relatively simple, but your fleet will face some difficult confrontations along the way, namely the [[New Sub Princess]] who will appear in '''Node C and ZZ'''.

Depending on the difficulty, she may be easier to bypass on lower difficulties, but on higher difficulties will be very difficult to pass without the assistance of ASW support in the form of an ASW LBAS, ASW support fleet and Pre-ASW capable ships.

Your main goal if you choose to use an ASW LBAS and support is to incapacitate the [[New Sub Princess]] so you can minimize the damage she can cause to your fleet. It may be more possible to pass through node C, but Node ZZ may present difficulty as you will have less fuel to evade so you may choose to use your ASW supports there.  

If you use a surface Task force fleet, also prepare to use ships like CAVs, AVs, or [[Akitsumaru]] as fighter mules (with possible a Surface radar on some). As you will need to sufficient air power along with your LBAS to overtake the boss fleet. During the chipping phase, you'll likely need 1-2 Fighter mules depending on the difficulty but will need to have up to 3 fighter mules on Hard on the final kill if you wish to aim for AS.

An alternative, you can consider bringing in a CV like [[Intrepid]] or [[Kaga]] in place of one BB to also fill the fighter power requirements without having to resort to additional surface radars. 

But if you really need the BBs and you will then have to resort to bringing a CVL which will then force you to bring an additional 3 radars (Totally to 9!) which might handicap your fleet. Carefully consider your options before using this method.

Also, the most recommended BBs to bring with you on this map is [[Nagato|Nagato Kai Ni]] and [[Mutsu]] along with another strong BB (Like [[Musashi]] or an equivalent) to help out. 

[[Nagato]] and [[Mutsu]] should be placed in the 1st and 2nd slot of your fleet as they are recommended to use '''Cruising Formation 2''' (Combined Fleet Double Line) at the boss in Node Z.

The most likely way you'll set you fleet up from 1st - 6th from each fleet will likely be along the lines of:

* Main Fleet: [[Nagato|Nagato Kai Ni]], [[Mutsu]], BB, 1-2 CAV, 0-1AV, [[Akitsumaru]]
* Escort Fleet: CL, 2 CA, 0-1CLT, 2-3DD

In addition, due to the requirements needed to reach node ZZ you will need to arm Nagato in a radar meaning she will need the following set up:

* 2 guns + 1 AP Shell + 1 Surface Radar

While this will prevent her from double attacking this will be needed for when you use '''[[Nagato]]'s Broadside Special Attack''' which along with [[Mutsu]] choosing '''Cruising Formation 2'''  will allow for both Nagato and Mutsu to do a very high amount of damage against the Princess Type Abyssals (Possibly instant killing [[Battleship Princess]]es and severely damaging the [[Abyssal Sun Princess]]) due to the significant buff the attack gets when using these two specific ships along with an AP shell equipped to both of them.

In addition to this, bring important historical ships like [[Isokaze]], [[Hagikaze]], [[Arashi]] and [[Kawakaze]] if you have them will allow them even more highly damage attacks to the escorts or to the [[Abyssal Sun Princess]] in night battle. If you lack in those, you can also resort to other ships like [[Sendai]] with a double attack, or [[Shigure]] and [[Yukikaze]] with a torpedo cut in which can deliver also an effective amount of damage. 

During the final kill, the [[Abyssal Sun Princess]] will get a buff to her armor, while her fleet will get an air power buff which will require you to buff up your air power and may possibly resort to more fighter mules for the final segment. Otherwise, most processes to taking her down will be the same as before.

If necessary, bring all 3 LBAS to the boss, but be prepared for possible complications from Node C and ZZ.

'''Regarding Carrier Task Force Method'''

For this method, your fleet will be taking a more brute force approach which in return will also have arrived at the boss with less fuel and ammo, but will need to only worry about LoS and less about radar requirements

Outside of Node C, your fleet's biggest concern will be Node W where you'll be pitted against a strong fleet consisting of [[Battleship Princess]]es, and some strong carriers which can include as possible [[Aircraft Carrier Princess]] on higher difficulties.

This node does present some difficulty passing through but if feel you can take on several princesses and survive only to fight more at the boss, then be well prepared for this route. 

Gaining air power should be easy to do through this path and having [[Nagato]] and [[Mutsu]] taking the first and 2nd slots respectively can while using Cruising formation 2 will still allow you to use '''[[Nagato]]'s Broadside Special Attack''' which will still have effective results on the boss. Most other processes are the same here, but please weigh your decision before taking on this route due to the dangers you may face. 

'''What to do if you lack Nagato's Broadside Special'''

In situations where you don't have [[Nagato|Nagato Kai Ni]] or used her early on in another map, you will need to resort to using a '''Surface Task Force''' and use [[Nelson]] in flagship and 2 other BB in position 3 and 5 in the main fleet and resort to '''Nelson Touch''' which while is no where nearly as strong as Nagato's Broadside special can still work to a degree knocking out or somewhat damaging Princess type Abyssal and other units. Otherwise, you will need to hope you land solid hits on the enemies or resort to '''[[Friend Fleet]]s''' to clear out some of the threats for the final kill.

If you lack in either, you will have to just use line ahead and hope all conditions are met as you will need to hope you land and kill some princesses and other abyssal to hopefully have a shot to kill the [[Abyssal Sun Princess]].

Remember that in the end, a strong Friend Fleet and strong historical ships can also lead you to victory.

'''Regarding [[Friend Fleet]]s'''

'''Notice: As of this moment, there are only 2 Friend Fleets which are available at this time. Additional Friend Fleets are to arrive so this section will be updated once the new fleets are reviewed'''

Overall, there are a total of 2 fleet that can appear in Node Z which include:

* '''ASW Friend Fleet: [[Shinyou]], [[Etorofu]], [[Tsushima]]
* '''Destoryer Division 10: [[Kazagumo]], [[Akigumo]], [[Yuugumo]], [[Makigumo]] (Note: Kazagumo and Akigumo may arrive moderately  damaged at times)

The ASW Fleet is completely useless outside of chipping damage and cannot be replaced even if you put in the ships in said fleet.

Meanwhile, the 10th Destroyer Division all have buffs on this map which allow them to do a highly considerable amount of damage. So it's recommended to avoid placing in [[Kazagumo]], [[Akigumo]], [[Yuugumo]], and [[Makigumo]]to allow this fleet to appear and hope they arrive undamaged to get the best possible results from thier support.