==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct their own version of their guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Sandbox/Summer 2018 Event|Event Page Sandbox]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

===Totaku's Proposal for Preliminary Guide===

''' Before entering into this map on Hard difficulty, please read the following information below as it will vital for your planning for E-1 to E-5'''

'''Planning out E-5 for Hard Difficulty'''

On E-5 the major obstacle that Hard mode players will face is additional locking requirements that none of the other difficulties have. In this operation you will be split up 2 combined fleets to form the two major fleets:

* <span style="color:Blue">'''Force H'''</span>
* <span style="color:Purple">'''Rheinübung Fleet'''</span>

Within each of the fleets you will need to organize and prepare and reserve a minimum of 24 ships you will be using in the final operation.

These include the following things:

* 4-5 (F)BB(V)
* 4-6 CA(V) 
* 2-3 CL
* 6-9 DD 
* 4-6 CV
* 1-3 CVL
* 0-1 AV
* 0-1 SS(V)
* Any additional Auxiliary ships like LHA, AOs, ect.
* At least 12 European ships (British, Italian, German, French and Russian)
** 6 for <span style="color:Blue">'''Force H'''</span> <nowiki>*</nowiki> (Low Priority due the significance of the <span style="color:Purple">'''Rheinübung Fleet'''</span>'s European ships requirements.)
** 6 for <span style="color:Purple">'''Rheinübung Fleet'''</span> (With at least 4 of them being French and German)

If you are able to meet most of the requirements then you will need to carefully weigh your options on who to bring for each segment as both <span style="color:Blue">'''Force H'''</span> and  <span style="color:Purple">'''Rheinübung Fleet'''</span> must be carefully planned out.

'''A critical mistake of using too many European ships in other maps will possibly prevent you from completing hard mode, and may result in a drop in difficulty and / or hunting for additional ships to meet the quota'''

'''Steps to completing the Operations in this map''''

The following conditions need to be completed in order move forward along the map:

# Use the Carrier Task Force (<span style="color:Blue">'''Force H'''</span> Hard Mode) to defeat the [[Battleship Summer Princess]]
# Use The Surface Task Force ( <span style="color:Purple">'''Rheinübung Fleet'''</span> Hard Mode) to defeat the [[French Battleship Summer Princess]]
# Unlock the path to the [[European Water Princess]] (Easy+)
# Unlock the alternate path to the [[European Water Princess]]
# Chipping away at the  [[European Water Princess]]
# Triggering the Debuff for the [[European Water Princess]]
# Defeating the [[European Water Princess]]

The following guide will look at each phase on Hard mode and go downward through easier difficulties as the strategies can vary on lower difficulty levels.

''' Step 1: Use the Carrier Task Force (<span style="color:Blue">Force H</span> Hard Mode) to defeat the [[Battleship Summer Princess]]

'''Recommended Fleet: 4 CV(L)(B), 2 (F)BB(V) + 1 CL, 1-2 CA, 3 DD 0-1 CLT (0(Casual)/2(Easy)/4(Normal)/6(Hard) European Ships needed for best pathing)'''

'''Path: C-A-D-E-J or C-A-D-F-I-J ''' (with European Ship requirement)
'''Path: C-A-B-D-E-J or C-A-B-D-F-I-J ''' (without meeting European Ship requirement [May be recommend for planning out the  <span style="color:Purple">'''Rheinübung Fleet'''</span> on Hard Mode)

'''LBAS Recommendation:'''

* '''LBAS 1: 0-2 Interceptor + 2-4 LBAS Bombers (Depending on difficulty & Equipment)'''
* '''LBAS 2: 0-1 Interceptor + 3-4 LBAS Bombers (Depending on difficulty & Equipment)'''
* '''LBAS 3: 4 LBAS Bombers'''
* '''LBAS 3 Alternative: 3-4 Interceptor + 0-1 Saiun (If using for base defense)'''
** Distance of 4 Needed

The first part of the operation is somewhat simple as your fleet will go through a Submarine fleet, followed by a Surface Fleet. Following this you'll have to choose a path, but regardless you will need fight the same Carrier Fleet. While it isn't necessary to go through both paths, it's recommended to at least try it once as beating Node I will contribute to a later part of the mission requirements. 

If you can successfully pass these nodes without taking too much damage you'll face the [[Battleship Summer Princess]] whose fleet consists of a combined fleet and may include a [[Heavy Cruiser Summer Princess]]. Depending on the difficulty, this fleet may or may not have air power. 

Overall using a strong LBAS and a strong fleet along with boss support should make short work of the enemy fleets and the boss making the battle easy to complete. 

In addition, this area is a good place for farm for German ships and [[Gotland]].

'''Step 2: Use The Surface Task Force ( <span style="color:Purple">'''Rheinübung Fleet'''</span> Hard Mode) to defeat the [[French Battleship Summer Princess]]'''

'''Recommended Fleet varies depending on difficulty'''

* '''Casual/Easy: 4(F)BB(V), 0-1 CA, 0-1 AV, 0-1 CV, 0-2 CVL, 0-1SS(V) + 1CL, 2-4 DD, 1-2 CA, 0-1 AV, 0-1 CLT (1/2 European ships required + more if you choose to bring CVLs and/or CLT) '''  
* '''Normal: 3(F)BB(V), 1-2 CA(V), 0-1 AV, 0-1 CV, 0-2 CVL, 0-1SS(V) + 1CL, 2-4 DD, 1-2 CA, 0-1 AV, 0-1 CLT (4 European ships required + more if you choose to bring CVLs and/or CLT) '''  
* '''Hard: 2(F)BB(V), 1-2 CA, 0-1 AV, 0-1 CV, 0-2 CVL, 0-1SS(V) + 1CL, 2-4 DD, 1-2 CA, 0-1 AV, 0-1 CLT (5 European ships required + more if you choose to bring CVLs and/or CLT) '''


'''Path: U-V-T-R-Q-P-L-O-W''' (with European Ship requirement + German and French Ships)

'''LBAS Recommendation'''

* '''LBAS 1-2 (Node W): 1 Interceptor/Fighter + 3 LBAS Bombers or Torpedo Bombers''' 
* '''LBAS 3 (Node W): 4 LBAS Bombers or Torpedo Bombers'''
* '''LBAS 3 (Node T): 0-3 Toukai + ASW Bomber or 4 ASW Bomber'''

On this path your surface task force fleet will have to travel through some sub fleet consisting of the [[New Submarine Princess]] which can be a possible issue unless you confront them in a line abreast formation or use a LBAS consisting of ASW plane to help take out subs. Following this, you will encounter a carrier fleet. Depending on the difficulty, this will require you to have relatively high fighter power to either maintain or overcome the air power. A high plane capacity carrier like [[Intrepid]] or similar are preferred or bringing 2 CVL in your fleet. Finally, you'll encounter a Surface fleet consisting of battleships, torpedo cruisers, light cruisers, and destroyers which should be easily managed under normal Surface Task Force conditions. 

If you choose to bring a submarine in your fleet be aware tat nodes P and L will have lots of small ships that may be ASW capable and could present a possible issue but having a submarine at the boss node will help give you a big advantage compared to other ships.

Once reaching the boss fleet, you will encounter the [[French Summmer Battleship Princess]] accompanied by a [[Summer Harbor Princess]], possibly an [[Airfield Princess]] (doesn't appear outside final kill on lower difficulties), some [[Artillery Imp]]s, [[PT Imp Group]]s, Destroyers and a light cruiser. 

Depending on the difficulty you play and the approach you do, the amount of work required to defeating her will vary. Below are some compositions that can be considered:

'''Hard:''' 

* [[Bismarck]] [[Richelieu]], 2 CA, 1 CV, 1 SS + 1CL, 1 AV ([[Commandant Teste]]), 2 CA (including [[Prinz Eugen]],  2 DD ([[Tashkent]] preferred)
* [[Bismarck]], [[Richelieu]], 2 CA, 2CVL, + 1CL, 1 AV([[Commandant Teste]]), 2 CA (including [[Prinz Eugen]],  2 DD ([[Tashkent]] preferred)

In this difficulty, you will need everything you can possibly throw at the boss to ensure the greatest chances of success in battle. Your equipment will need to be well modified and prepared so that your ships can attack all enemy units effectively and maximize the damage you can deliver upon them. Bringing a Sub can be risky since the earlier battles present great dangers that can potentially risk the sub sinking in battle, so if you choose this path, bring in route support to minimize your sub's risk of sinking. Boss support is also highly recommended as they will be needed to help eliminate or take out certain enemy units in the battle along with your LBAS. 

Since the boss is located close to your air base, you can use interceptors or strong AA type planes in 1 slot of both your first and 2nd air base to help reduce the air power. If you are utilizing the sub strategy, do consider that if you bring too much anti-air and shoot down all of [[French Summmer Battleship Princess]]'s planes will result in her targeting your fleet rather than your sub.

Carefully consider the placement of AA guns/skilled lookouts for your ships. In the event PT Imps survive the opening attacks they can easily take away shots that could target the big 3 targets. You want to try to reduce the fleet down to just the 3 major targets and do as much damage as you can to the princesses before the Day Battle turn ends. 

If all goes well, your friend fleet may be able to pick off at least one installation and leave the other for your Anti-installation ships in the escort fleet to finish off in night battle. 

Outside of this, the [[French Summmer Battleship Princess]] has armor that exceeds cap levels (312 armor) making it very difficulty to strike through her. She is however most weak to attacks coming from European ships (about 1.2x modifier), so use torpedo cut in set up for your DDs like [[Tashkent]] and CAs like [[Prinz Eugen]] to hope you score a low armor roll and/or crit which can successfully end the battle.

'''Medium:'''

* [[Bismarck]] [[Richelieu]] + 1 BB, 1 CA, 1 CV, 1 SS + 1CL, 0-1 AV([[Commandant Teste]]), 1-2 CA ([[Prinz Eugen]] preferred), 0-1 CLT  2-3 DD (Include [[Tashkent]] and/or other Euro DD)
* [[Bismarck]] [[Richelieu]] + 1 BB, 1 CA, 2 CVL + 1CL, 0-1 AV([[Commandant Teste]]), 1-2 CA ([[Prinz Eugen]] preferred), 0-1 CLT  2-3 DD (Include [[Tashkent]] and/or other Euro DD)

Most of the above mentioned strategies should remain the same, however without the tag restrictions that occur on hard mode. This makes it possible to bring more Heavy hitting ships along with extra European ships without restriction.

Enemy composition should also be weaker and easier to deal with, especially if you have enough European ships in tow with you. Allowing for your fleet to bring more damage buffer ships and be able to fight efficiently without restriction. 

The [[French Summmer Battleship Princess]] is still heavily armored but does have less armor than on hard mode. 

''' Easy/ Casual'''

* 4BB, 1 CV, 1SS(V) + 1CL, 2-3 DD, 2 CA, 1 CLT 
* 4BB, 2CVL + 1CL, 2-3 DD, 2 CA, 1 CLT 

Same case, but now with freedom to use a full set of BBs in the main fleet. As mentioned before, European ships are still very helpful here because of the damage multiplier. The [[French Summmer Battleship Princess]]'s armor should be low enough the a European ship cut in and / or crit from any ship should be more than enough to defeat her if her HP is low.

Once completed, the new boss bar will appear which will then begin the final phase of the battle. 

'''Step 3: Unlock the path to the European Water Princess (Easy+)'''

'''Note: If you're playing on Casual, the path to the boss will be already open, so you can disregard this step.

'''Recommended Fleet: 4 CV(L)(B), 2 (F)BB(V) + 1 CL, 1-2 CA, 3 DD, 0-1 CLT'''

LBAS: Not Necessary, consider Air Defense or Evacuate for this phase

'''Path: C-A-D-F-H or C-A-D-F-I (with European Ship requirement)'''

In this step you'll use your carrier task for to go to Node H and I and defeat some basic enemy fleets. Node H consists of Battleships while I has carriers. Use your fleet to successfully defeat the enemy in each node and score an S rank. Once the condition is met, the new path should be unlocked to the boss.

'''Step 4: Unlock the alternate path to the [[European Water Princess]]'''

2-4(F)BB(V), 0-1 CA, 0-1 CL, 0-1 CV, 0-2 CVL, + 1CL, 2-5 DD 0-2 DE (ASW Focused)

'''Path: U-V-T-R-Q-P-L-O-W''' (with European Ship requirement + German and French Ships) (only consider additional nodes if Land Base Air Raid has not triggered past T consider discontinuing sortie before W)

* '''LBAS 1-2 (Node W): 4 Interceptor/Fighter or 3 Interceptor/ Fighter + Saiun (may not need both LBAS depending on equipment + difficulty)
* '''LBAS 1-2 (Node K): 4 Interceptor/Fighter or 3 Interceptor/ Fighter + Saiun (may not need both LBAS depending on equipment + difficulty)
* '''LBAS 3 (Node T): 0-3 Toukai + 1 ASW Bomber or 4 ASW Bomber'''

In this operation you will need to complete the following objectives:

* Defeat the [[New Submarine Princess]] fleet at Node T 
* Successfully gain Air Superiority at an LBAS Air Raid (Twice on Medium +, Once on Casual - Easy)
* Score AS as Node K ( Twice on Hard, Once on Medium)

Bring a Fleet with ASW capable ships and use your fleet along with an ASW LBAS or ASW support fleet to help wipe out the subs at Node T. LBAS air raids should trigger as early as Node T making it possible to consider pulling back after you complete Node T. 

Once you completed this step, consider organizing your fleet with two CVL or other ships that can carry Carrier based equipment and travel through node M which will consist of a large group of battleships. Then you will reach an air attack node where you must gain air superiority on. The best way to do this is to send both LBAS that you used for the LBAS Air Raid to Node K as they will be more than sufficient for helping you fleet achieve Air superiority. 

Repeat until conditions are met and an alternate path will be open for your surface fleet to travel to the boss.

'''Step 5: Chipping away at the  [[European Water Princess]]'''

* ''' 2(F)BB(V),2 CA, 2 CVL, + 1CL, 3 DD, 1-2 CA, 0-1 CLT (European ships required to meet the difficulty requirements) 

'''Path: U-V-T-R-Q-M-X-Z3-Z2''' (with European Ship requirement)'''

* '''LBAS 1 (Node Z2): 0-2 Fighter + 1-4 LBAS Bombers''' (more fighters needed depending on difficulty + Equipment)
* '''LBAS 2 (Node Z2): 0-1 Fighter + 2-4 LBAS Bombers''' (more fighters needed depending on difficulty + Equipment)
* '''LBAS 3 (Node Z2): 4 LBAS Bombers''' (more fighters needed depending on difficulty + Equipment)
* '''LBAS 3 (Node T): 0-3 Toukai + 1 ASW Bomber or 4 ASW Bombers'''
** '''(Distance of 7 Required)'''

This path is the shortest path the STF can take to the boss and should arrive with a decent supply of fuel and ammo. Your fleet along with LBAS should be able to damage most enemy units with ease. On higher difficulties, you will have to deal with additional princesses. If necessary, bring boss support to do as much damage as you can to the [[European Water Princess]]. 

European ships and various European equipment can provide additional modifiers against the boss. Consider this when building your fleet to maximize damage. 

'''Step 6: Triggering the Debuff for the [[European Water Princess]] (Recommended for Normal +)'''

'''STF - 2(F)BB(V),2 CA, 2 CVL, + 1CL, 3 DD, 1-2 CA, 0-1 CLT (European ships required to meet the difficult requirements)'''

'''Path: U-V-T-R-Q-M-X-Z3-Z2''' (with European Ship requirement)'''

'''CTF - 4 CV(B), 2 (F)BB(V) + 1 CL, 0-2 CA, 3-5 DD 0-1 CLT (European ships required to meet the difficult requirements)'''

'''Path: C-A-D-F-H-X-Y-Z2 or C-A-D-F-H-X-Z3-Z2 (with European Ship requirement)'''

* '''LBAS 1 (Node Z2): 0-3 Fighter + 1-4 LBAS Bombers''' (more fighters needed depending on difficulty + Equipment)
* '''LBAS 2 (Node Z2): 0-2 Fighter + 2-4 LBAS Bombers''' (more fighters needed depending on difficulty + Equipment)
* '''LBAS 3 (Node Z2): 0-1 Fighter + 3-4 LBAS Bombers''' (more fighters needed depending on difficulty + Equipment)

In the final battle against the [[European Water Princess]]  players on higher difficulties will need to successfully debuff the boss so she can be killed. You will need to complete the following conditions:

* Score an A rank with the STF
* Score an A rank with the CTF

Bringing the appropriate fleet will along with a strong Boss support and LBAS should allow you to gain an A rank on lower difficulty, but you may need to have stronger ships like CLT and Topedo Cut in ships for higher difficulties especially on hard where you will face a main fleet of multiple princesses. 

If you successfully score an A rank with both fleets, when returning to base, you should hear a confirmation tone indicating you completed the debuff.

Players on Easy and Casual can optionally consider this step as the [[European Water Princess]] is weak enough that she should be able to be killed without the help of the debuff.

'''Step 7: Triggering the Debuff for the [[European Water Princess]]'''

'''STF - 2(F)BB(V),2 CA, 2 CVL, + 1CL, 3 DD, 1-2 CA, 0-1 CLT (European ships required to meet the difficult requirements, , Recommended for Casual and Easy)'''

'''Path: U-V-T-R-Q-M-X-Z3-Z2''' (with European Ship requirement)'''

'''CTF - 4 CV(B), 2 (F)BB(V) + 1 CL, 0-2 CA, 3-5 DD 0-1 CLT (European ships required to meet the difficult requirements, recommended for Medium and Hard or as an alternative if STF doesn't work)'''

'''Path: C-A-D-F-H-X-Y-Z2 or C-A-D-F-H-X-Z3-Z2 (with European Ship requirement)'''

The final step can be use the very same process that was used in Part 6 if you chose to debuff. As a CTF will be needed to deliver the final blow if you choose to play on Medium and Hard difficulty.

With the debuff in place the boss fleet will be severely weakened and the following damage modifiers will occur:

* All ships get a 1.5x modifier
* European Ships get an additional 1.2x modifier
* 1.3x modifier if Seaplane Bomber or Seaplane Fighter is equipped
* 1.2x modifier if Type 3 is equipped
* 1.2 - 1.25x modifier if Dive Bombers is equipped
* [[Ark Royal]] Kai gets a modifier based on the swordfish TB she is equipped.
** 1.35x - 1.45x if one Swordfish
** 1.7x if two Swordfish

Take an en route support and Boss support to help successfully reach the boss. Boss fleet should fall easily and with a well place torpedo cut in, you should be able to successfully win the battle.