===Tips===
There are three routes to the boss node, from northmost to southmost, they are
* '''North route A-D-(H)-L'''
* '''South route 1: B-E-(H)-L'''
* '''South route 2: B-E-I-L'''

n.b. H node does not have a battle

'''General Considerations'''
* The main factor to consider when choosing between the north route and a south route will be the night battle node D (which varies with HQ level) against the Ru-Flag at E (on all HQ levels)

'''South route B-E-(H)-L and B-E-I-L'''

Example Fleets:
*B-E-(H)-L: 2CAV 2CVL 2DD, 2CA 2CVL 2 DD, 2CA CLT CVL 2DD
*B-E-I-L: 4CA 2CVB (BM1, B34), Any (F)BB(V) or CV(B)
* Non-Guaranteed Routing: 4CA 2CVL, 3CA 3CVL

* The difference between the two south routes is having to route through the battle node I, which includes a Wo-Kai (or Flag-wo below HQ 100)
** Any BB or CV ensures that you will be directed to I node

* While the Wo-Kai at node I is a strong enemy, it is the much weaker base Wo-Kai, and not the Wo-Kai Type IV often seen in events. (12 less accuracy, less FP, weaker airstrike, etc.)
** If doing the Myoukou fleet monthly (BM1) or any similar quest where guaranteed routing to H is impossible, it might be worth it to simply bring CVs and accept the inferior routing to I in exchange for bringing a stronger force.

The standard guaranteed routing for this map involves 2 DDs, 2 CVLs, and 2 CAs '''or''' 2 CAVs ('''not''' 1 CA 1 CAV). Aside from routing, this setup also ensures a powerful opening strike (only 70 FP is needed for AS+); the only realistic chance of a retreat here will be posed by the Ru-flag at E node.


'''North route A-D-(H)-L'''

Example Fleets: 
*4DD CA CL (BM7)
*3CA 2CAV CLT or 3CA 2CAV FBB (BM1)
*3CL CA 2CLT 2DD (B85)
*2BBV CL 2DD CA (B102)

While the north route is usually thought of as a "lighter" fleet, as the examples above show, it is possible (though not necessarily recommended) to bring even battleships by carrying drums, only CV(B/L)s are prohibited from this route.

More importantly, this route is the one used for monthly quest BM7, which requires 4 DDs (with one as flag), a CA, and a CL. More specific BM7 advice will be given later.

* There are three main challenges this fleet will face, one at each node.

* Node A has a formation with Chi-flag CLTs at HQ 100+, which are a threat to lighter ships especially in the absence of a second shelling phase.
** Sub HQ 100, this node can still be dangerous to lower-levelled ships.

* The night battle Node D has the possibility of a Ri-Kai at HQ 90+
** At lower HQ levels, Node D is somewhat easier. Nonetheless, although only the Ri-classes are capable of performing special night attacks, a single attack from a He-flag (48+80) is a significant threat to a DD.
** It is not necessary to bring specialised night equipment for this node, a star shell may offer limited value, but a searchlight may be outright detrimental.

* Lastly comes the boss node L, with at least 3 BBs. If you have opted for a DD-heavy fleet, a night battle is almost certainly required here



;'''Monthly Quest: "Surface Counterattack Fleet" Charge!" (Bm7) Advice:'''
* The main consideration for this quest is achieving the required LoS of about 60 with 4DDs in the fleet (or 33 LOS using the LOS33 formula).
** Your DDs will probably need radars to add LoS and therefore are unlikely to equip any night battle equipment. Try balancing between ships that can provide high firepower ([[Yuudachi|Yuudachi Kai Ni]], [[Ayanami|Ayanami Kai Ni]])and ships that has good base LoS ([[Akatsuki|Akatsuki Kai Ni]]).

* For your CL, good options can be either [[Abukuma|Abukuma Kai Ni]], [[Jintsuu|Jintsuu Kai Ni]], [[Yura|Yura Kai Ni]] or [[Ooyodo]]/[[Yuubari]]. It is recommended to equip a seaplane or two on your CL, as seaplanes contribute much more LoS than radars do, contributing twice their nominal value while radars only contribute their nominal value.
** Abukuma comes with a strong opening torpedo, which gives her the highest total damage output of any CL in the game
**Yura is the only CL capable of providing air control, while her opening torpedo is much weaker than Abukuma, it is still capable of killing lighter targets like CLs and DDs
** Jintsuu has the highest shelling potential of all CLs, and gets much stronger if [[Zara]] is used
** Ooyodo has the highest base LoS among all CLs, and comes with a fourth slot to carry an extra seaplane
** Yuubari is an option in the absence of Ooyodo, as she can carry seaplanes in her fourth slot to add LoS (see above), [http://wikiwiki.jp/kancolle/?%C6%EE%C0%BE%BD%F4%C5%E7%B3%A4%B0%E8#rd2a2bfe despite having 0 plane slots].
* Options for CAs can be a Myoukou-class Kai Ni, [[Choukai|Choukai Kai Ni]], Zara-class, or pre-K2 Tone-class.
** [[Zara]] or [[Pola]] are arguably the most recommended CAs for this quest as they can carry seaplane bombers to gain Air Superiority at the two daytime nodes. 
*** Although the only beneficiaries of artillery spotting are the Zara-class themselves (Abukuma does not benefit from arty spotting), their artillery spotting (about 50% of the time) alone allows their damage output to exceed even Choukai.
*** Do note that their innate LoS is lower, and that seaplane bombers confer less LoS than recon seaplanes. Ensure that you can obtain the required LoS before placing them in.
** Myoukou-class Kai Nis and Choukai Kai Ni are all-round excellent CAs, with great innate LoS along with excellent offensive and defensive stats.
**If you don't have either of those groups and are struggling to meet LoS requirements, the unremodelled Tone-Class have the highest LoS stats of all standard CAs.