==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Fall 2019 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will

===Minhfongboy===
'''Shiplock''': Shiplock #5<br/>
'''Historical''': Battle of Davao - South west of Pacific Ocean (Fusou, Shigure, Hamakaze, Shiratsuyu, Kazagumo, Myoukou, Nagato...)
*<font color="red">'''This is the second-to-last map of the event. Consider doing this map at least Normal if you wanna consider FCM. As a result, this is also second-to-last shiplock, please consider carefully the ships you wanna bring here before going all out in the final map'''</font>
*<u>'''Part 1: Defeating SS Hime Kai'''</u>
**'''1 BBV 1CVE/CVL 4DD going CEGJ'''
***Node C contains loli sub, node E is the torpedo squadron with He Kai and Tsu flag (Hard) and node G contains enemy carrier (Nu flag with takoyaki). LBAS are required to sent here at least once if you want consistent boss routing.
***Boss node alway has SS Hime Kai along with 2 So-Class in line ahead, along with Tsu flag (Hard) and 2 Na-Class DD up to the final form. '''OASW is a must''' here if you don't wanna get destroyed at the beginning
***Consider ASW Boss support (4CVL 2DD with one CVL being CVE) if you need more ASW damage
**<font color="blue">'''LBAS:'''
***Option 1: One base full of 4 7-ASW torpedo bomber to node C, the other base with full Toukai to boss
***Option 2: One base 1 Fighter 3 LBAA to node G, the other base with full Toukai to boss
***Option 3: One base 1 Fighter 3 LBAA to node G and E each, the other base with full Toukai to boss
***Option 4: One base full of 4 7-ASW torpedo bomber, the other base with full Toukai, all to boss (Should be used LD only)
</font>
*<u>'''Part 2: Defeating CV Hime Kai'''</u>
**'''STF 3BB(V) 2CVL 1DD + 1CL 3DD 1CA(V) 1CLT going ACEFIO (ALL FAST)''' 
***2-3 OASW are required to deal with the loli sub
***Air power required for AS at the boss node is '''known to be very high''', 500 in pre-LD and '''750 at LD''' due to the presence of one extra CV Hime Kai in LD (Hard only, Normal below probably has less air?)
***Since Nagato has historical damage bonus, Nagato Touch can be considered and be tagged along with Mutsu Kai Ni to help clear out the mook at the boss node
***Consider TCI in LD to finish off the boss, i.e Shigure or Myoukou
**<font color="blue">'''LBAS: 3 Fighter 1 LBAA + 2 Fighter 2 LBAA, all to boss'''</font>
***Boss node has at least 450 air pre-LD and 600 in LD, therefore, these bases will score AD all the time, but better than nothing!

===Totaku's Proposal===

*<font color="red">'''NOTICE: It is not advised to clear this map on hard as the reward does in no way, shape or form justify the effort. If you still decide to clear the map on that difficulty for prideful reasons, ect. Take it at your own risk. You have been warned! '''</font>

'''Preparation'''

In this operation you will be undergoing a rather simple, but very difficult map where you'll be doing an ASW segment followed by a battle with a Carrier for the 2nd part. There's no special requirements needed outside of depending on the difficulty, you will need to bring additional historical ships. And for the carrier segment you will need to prepare a considerable amount of air power to stand a chance at winning so below are the following questions:

#Do you have Toukai or ASW capable planes?
#Do you have a sizeable crew of historical ships that can ASW?
#Can you make some ships that are not generally meant for ASW combat into OASW ships?
#Do you have a large amount of good fighter planes including Seaplane Fighters?
#Do you have a sizeable team of historical ships to take on both bosses?
#Do you have Nagato Kai Ni?
#Do you also have Mutsu Kai Ni?
#Do you have Fusou Kai 2? (Optional)
#Do you have turbines and boilers to make any slow ship become fast?
#Do you have enough reinforcement expansions to go across 3-4 ships?
#Do you have Reinforcement expansions you can put on Nagato, Mutsu, Fusou or and other slow ship you bring?

If you have said yes to the ASW related questions, then part one along with part of part 2 should be easy enough to complete. If you said yes to question 4-5 you should able to do both segment but you will need to get Nagato to Kai Ni if possible if you haven't done so.

If Nagato is Kai Ni, then you will have a much easier on the map on higher difficulties with her historical bonus and special attack. Mutsu is a preferred option to have with her but Fusou can work as an alternative due to her historical bonus. But if some reason you're lacking in Nagato Kai Ni, it's recommended to reconsider your options regarding this map in terms of difficulty as it'll become difficult if not impossible on difficulties like hard.

If you have turbines and boilers, then you shouldn't have a problem taking the easier path to the boss along with adding reinforcement expansions, but if for some reason you don't have any of these and have no way to speed mod, prepare to face more air battles along the way which can become problematic on clearing the map.

'''Historical Bonuses'''

On this map, ship that are tied to the Davao Island Patrol and Group B of the Battles of the Philippines are relevant to the operation as they will all have bonuses. So it is recommended to use ships associated with that campaign under this tag. If you have been carefule nough enough you may have been able to conserve Hibiki/Verniy up to this point. Which will make her vital for this operation, along with Kazagumo, who is also relatively strong. But be aware, that there is still a small group of ships that while historically relevant to here, can also be important for the final map. So as noted before hand, '''Carefully consider who you lock on this map, this is the 2nd to final map and will serve as your final roadblock before the final tag.'''

'''Part 1 Bonus for Node J:'''

'''Davao patrol group:'''
* '''(F)BB(V):''' [[Fusou]] 1.10x bonus
* '''CA(V):''' [[Myoukou]], [[Haguro]] 1.10x bonus
* '''DD:''' [[Hibiki|Hibiki/Verniy]], [[Asagumo]], [[Kazagumo]] 1.20x bonus
* '''DD:''' [[Hatsushimo]], [[Shiratsuyu]], [[Shigure]], [[Hamakaze]] 1.15x bonus
* '''Aux:''' [[Hayasui]] 1.15x

'''Battle of Philippine Sea (Group B) every member gets 1.10x:'''
*'''(F)BB(V):''' [[Nagato]]
* '''CV(L/B)''': [[Junyou]], [[Hiyou]], [[Ryuuhou]]
* '''CA(V):''' [[Mogami]], [[Aoba]]
* '''CL:''' [[Kinu]]
* '''DD:''' [[Samidare]](suspected), [[Yamagumo]](suspected), [[Michishio]], [[Nowaki]], [[Hayashimo]](suspected)

'''E-5 part 2 (node O) Bonuses'''
*[[Hibiki|Hibiki/Verniy]], [[Asagumo]], [[Kazagumo]]  1.15x Extra Bonus
*Every other listed girl gets extra bonus 1.25x

As of current, the only ships you need to worry about placing on this map, that are relevant to the final map, are [[Shigure]] and [[Shiratsuyu]], however if you have enough ships planned for the final map, that can fill in the gap. You can toss them in here without concern, otherwise plan carefully.

'''Step 1: Sink the [[Submarine Princess Kai]]'''

In this phase, you will be organizing a single fleet, which will be composed mostly of ASW ships. You'll need to go through a gauntlet consisting of subs and surface ships. Overall, there is only one known comp that works effectively, with slight deviations depending on what you select with it.

'''Fleet Composition'''
* 1(F)BB(V), 1(F)BB(V)/ CA(V)/CVE/CL, 4 DD

'''Path: C-E-G-J'''

* Depending on the difficulty, the more historical ships you bring in, the better your odds are of surviving the Sub node at Node C and also being able to take out the boss.
* You will face off against 1 sub node and 2 surface battles prior to the boss node
* Fleet will be ASW focused
* Enemy Sub Fleet will consist of a [[New Submarine Princess]], which depending on the difficulty may rely on Historical ASW units to take her out.
* Surface Fleets will consist of light cruisers, heavy cruisers and Destroyers in E node and a similar fleet with a light carrier on G.
** Vanguard formation is recommended for the two surface battles.

'''Recommended LBAS'''

For this phase of the operation, you will need to decide how to organize your LBAS, as there are several nodes, where it is viable for twhat to use your LBAS for. Depending on your equipment and what issues you have with said nodes will likely decide what method you'll choose. Below are the following methods you can consider for E-5.

<tabber>
|-| Node C=
* LBAS 1: '''4 Toukai / ASW Bombers with an ASW of 7 or greater''' (Concentrate on Node C)

* Good for taking out the subs on Node C and possiblily incapacitating the [[New Submarine Princess]], making it easier to pass.
* Good during the chipping phase of the run
* May present a possible issue for Node G and E as fleet will have to depend on vanguard to survive.

|-|Node E=
* LBAS 1: '''4 Land Base Bombers''' (Concentrate on Node E)

* Will likely wipe out some ships to make easier to pass without getting struck by the torpedos.
* May present issues on Node C and Node G if you are ill-prepared.
|-|Node G=
* LBAS 1: '''1 Fighter, 3 Land Based Bombers''' (Concentrate on Node G)

* Will likely wipe out some ships to make easier to pass without taking much damage.
* May present issues on Node C and Node E if you are ill-prepared.

|-|Node J=
* LBAS 1:  '''4 Toukai / ASW Bombers with an ASW of 7 or greater''' (Concentrate on Node J)
* LBAS 2: '''0-4 Toukai / ASW Bombers with an ASW of 7 or greater, 0-4 Land Base Bombers''' (Concentrate on Node J)

* Recommended mainly for Hard mode.
**Medium and below will less likely need you to use ASW bobmers meaning you can focus on other nodes.
* You can use 1 LBAS for chipping phase, but it's recommended to bring 2 for final kill.
* Can help wipe out some of the surface enemy ships on the boss node if you bring Land Based Bombers.
* Can effectively take out most enemy subs and damage [[Submarine Princess Kai]], with ASW Bombers.
|-|
</tabber>

[[Submarine Princess Kai]] will come accompanied by 2 other So-class subs and 3 surface ships consisting of a CL and 2 DDs. While the core focus is to take out the Submarine princess, effectively farming this map will require you to take advantage of taking her out quickly and early on. One of the most effective ways in doing this is to bring historical OASW ships to the boss as the bonus provided from them should be strong enough to effectively take out the Submarine Princess quickly. ASW support fleet to the boss can also help chip her down, so you can finish her off sooner. While it may be smart to have LBAS be all ASW focused, you can opt to split some of them to Land Base Bombers to try to wipe out some of the surface ships as well, to give your fleet an higher chance to S rank or kill the princess.

If for some reason you lack ASW bombers or Toukai, you may likely have to play on a lower difficulty of Medium or less.  On these difficulties, you will need less effort to succeed.

If you are unable to properly kill all ships at the boss, and usually have surface ships remaining, consider waiting until friend fleet arrives.

'''Step 2: Sink the [[Aircraft Carrier Princess Kai]]

In this phase, the battle against the [[Aircraft Carrier Princess Kai]] varies significantly upon difficulty as depending on the difficulty, you will need to bring enough planes to hopefully secure Air superiority at the boss node, but if you are partaking in '''Hard Mode''' , there is no way to achieve AS without horribly handicapping your fleet, '''meaning the best you can ride on for the fight is to get Air Parity for the final fight''' and hope your fleet manages to score the necessary crits and hits needed to achieve a victory in this fight.

Below is the only effective composition that has been noted to work with some variation that will be noted below it:

'''Fleet Composition'''
* Surface Task Force:'''3 (F)BBV(V), 1-2 CA(V), 1-2 CVL,0-1 DD + 1CL, 3-4DD, 1-2 CA/CLT (All Fast)'''

'''Path: A-C-E/B-E-F-I-K-O/O'''

* Main Fleet will be composed of '''at least''' 2 fighter mules in the main fleet.
* Escort Fleet will be composed of '''at most''' 3 OASW ships (Historical preferred)
* Your fleet will be engaging against 2 submarine Battles, 1-2 Air Raids, and 2 Surface Battles prior to reaching the boss.
*If you limit your fleet to 1 CVL, you will avoid one air battle along the way
*If you use 2 CVLs, you will have a '''chance''' of possibly engaging in two air battles.
*The best route requires that all ships are '''fast''' so if you want to bring strong heavy hitters like [[Nagato]], [[Mutsu]], or [[Fusou]] in the fleet, you will need to speed mod them [[Improving Ship Speed]] and equip them with [[Reinfocement Expansions]].

Overall, your fleet will have to survive a gauntlet consisting of 2 [[New Submarine Princess]] fleets, along with some strong air battles, so bring someo good AACI ship like [[Hamakaze]]  (for historical bonus) or Akizuki-class DDs who be a viable option, while also using dealing with the nasty carrier battle near the boss node. While the pre-boss node consists of only 2 CVLs, they are armed with a relatively dangerous plane setup, so it is recommended to take out as soon as possible to allow for a better passing rate. Keep in mind, that if you remove any DDs along the trip, you will be forced into possible 3rd air battle which will have the worst air power to try to defend yourself against.

Because of the dangers you will face along the way, it's highly recommended to just use node support to survive the major battles. On lower difficulties, it might be possible to survive without it, but in most cases, you may want to prepare just in case.

All your LBAS will be sent to the boss node as the boss battle will be very challenging.

'''Recommended LBAS'''

'''Option 1: AD Sweeps'''
* LBAS 1: '''Mainly Fighters''' (Distance of 5 Required)
* LBAS 2: '''Mainly Fighters''' (Distance of 5 Required)

* Recomended for Normal and lower
* Need to 186 AP for Normal, 232 on Hard
* Will lower the air power requirements needed to get to AP or AS depending on the difficulties
* May disable carriers if enough strong AD allows for AACI to wipe out the rest of the planes

'''Option 2: All out Bombing'''
* LBAS 1: '''4 Land Base Bombers''' (Distance of 5 Required)
* LBAS 2: '''4 Land Base Bombers''' (Distance of 5 Required)

* Recommeded for Hard Mode
* Good for clearing out some enemy ships
* Will however kill most of your bombers and ranks
* Will make it hard to get AP.

The Battle with the Carrier Princess Kai is a very hard fight, as she will consists of a large group of carriers along with some CAs and BBs in the Main Fleet, and some CLs and DDs in the escort fleet.

On Medium and below, it may be possible to achieve AS with the help of 2 carrier being fighter mules, and if necessary, an addition fighter from an Ise-class Kai 2, or Seaplane Fighter on a CAV. 

However, on Hard mode, during the final kill, the boss will have a 2nd Carrier Princess Kai along with a team of flagship tier enemies making up the entire fleet. At this point, air superiority becomes impossible to achieve without severely handicapping your fleet and as such, the only solution is to attempt to conquer it through Air parity.

In addition to this, bringing [[Nagato]] and [[Mutsu]] is highly recommended, to allow you to perform their broadside attack, which will be vital for clearing out some of the enemies in the fleet along with taking advantage of Nagato's bonus.

Through using a combination of her special attack, along with powerful historical ships, a good LBAS attack, and a strong Support fleet attack, it can be possible to wither the boss down far enough to have a chance to reach night battle. From there on, all you can depend on is a well placed TCI attack from a ship, which will mostly likely be [[Myoukou]],[[Shigure]] or [[Hatsushimo]] to deliver the finishing blow to the Princess.

Keep in mind though, that this might be difficult to achieve if both princesses are alive. But it can be done if your ships aim at the correct target.

If the battle is still too much, it's '''highly recommended''' to wait until '''[[Friend Fleets]]''' arrive, to help you out with deliver the final blow.

Once the Flagship [[Aircraft Carrier Princess Kai]] has been defeated, the operation will be considered complete.