==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Summer 2020 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

Projected deadline for Initial guide: '''May 10th, 12:01 JST''' (May get extended by 1 day if massive delays occur)

==Grunilgs Proposal (mostly stolen from triple A rill)==

==General Guidelines==

E-1 is a 3.5 Phase Map with the 31st Squadron Lock Tag (Green) consisting of three HP Phases and a minimal Unlock. One base of Land Based Aerial Support (LBAS) is available to sortie on this Map. Due to the span of different combat types on this map (Surface, ASW, Anti-Installation) it is recommended to take ships that are good at multiple of these categories to avoid locking too many ships to this map.

==Phase 1: Defeat the Ru-Class Patrol at Node J==

The goal of this phase is to deplete the HP Bar and defeat the Ru Class Battleship at {{MapRoute|J|Red}}. There is a submarine node and light surface squadron on the way, while the boss itself consists of only surface ships.

* Recommended Fleet: 1CL 0-1AV 4-5DD ('''Fast Fleet''')
* Route: {{MapRoute|E|Blue|D|Red|G|Blue|F|Red|J|Red}}
* LBAS: Range 7, no Airpower
* Additional Notes: Vanguard Formation can be utilized to help with preboss sub node. Support Expeditions are not needed

==Phase 1.5: Unlocking the Path to the Second Boss==

To unlock the path to the second Boss, you simply have to reach {{MapRoute|K|Blue}} once.

* Recommended Fleet: 1CL 0-1AV 4-5DD ('''Fast Fleet''')
* Route: {{MapRoute|E|Blue|D|Red|G|Blue|I|Red|K|Blue}}
* LBAS: Range 7, no Airpower
* Additional Notes: There is no surface combat on route, only ASW and Anti-Air Combat. If you get critically damaged at {{MapRoute|I|Red}} you can still proceed the sortie as the Route to the non-combat node {{MapRoute|K|Blue}} is fixed.

==Phase 2: The Benchmarkening (Defeat Supply Depot Hime)==

To complete this Phase, you need to deplete the HP Bar of the Second Boss {{MapRoute|Q|Red}}, consisting of a mix of Installations and PT Boats. Set up your Ships with the according equipment to deal with them as outlined [[Anti-Installation#Equipment_Setups|here]]. PT Imps are weak to AA Guns + Skilled Lookouts on your DDs. There are PT Imps and two pretty powerful airstrike on the way.

* Recommended Fleet: 1AV/Cl 4-5DD ('''Fast Fleet''') (On Hard, only a 5 ship fleet takes the shortest route)
* Route: {{MapRoute|L|Blue|M|Red|O|Red|P|Red|Q|Red}}
* LBAS: Range 5, (0/68/154/120) Airpower for AP at Last Dance (C/E/M/H)
* Additional Notes: Support fleets can be taken due to the presence of PT Imps.

==Phase 3: Defeat the Enemy Submarine Force!==

The goal of this phase is to sink the New Old Submarine Princess found at {{MapRoute|V|Red}} to deplete the HP Bar and clear the map. There are surface engagements {{MapRoute|H|Red|S|Red}} and high airpower air raid {{MapRoute|I|Red}} on route, but the Boss itself is an Anti-Submarine operation. AACI is highly recommended for this route, the surface Nodes can be passed using Vanguard formation as to not sacrifice too many equipment slots that should be occupied with ASW equipment.

* Recommended Fleet: 2CL 4DD ('''Fast Fleet''')
* Route: {{MapRoute|E|Blue|H|Red|I|Red|S|Red|V|Red}}
* LBAS: Range 2, no Airpower present at the Boss. {{MapRoute|I|Red}} has (138/144/149/229) AP for (C/E/M/H)
* Additional Notes: LBAS can be Toukai sent to the Boss, Bombers to the Preboss Surface Nodes or a fighter sweep to Node I, depending on your surface fleet setup.