==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Fall 2019 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

===Minhfongboy===
'''Shiplock''': (Shiplock #2)
*<u>'''Part 1: Unlocking J-S-P route'''</u>
**<font color="red">'''Note that it's completely possible to defeat CA Hime without the need of unlocking extra route. This phase should be done only if your fleet can't finish off the boss in Final Form and you need extra damage boost !'''</font>
**A+ rank node A twice: '''1CL 2DD 2CV 1CA or 1CL 2DD 2CA 1CV going IFEBDA'''
***The node contains Harbour Water Oni. Anti-installation equip are required.
***Recommended 240+ air power
***<font color="blue">'''LBAS is possible, required 7 range to reach node A (1 Fighter 3 Bombers recommended)'''</font>
*<u>'''Part 2: Defeating CA Hime'''</u>
**'''2CA(V) 2DD 1CVL 1CL/CLT going IJLPQR''' 
***Standard comp that '''DOES NOT''' go through the shortcut should you decide not to unlock it
***However, there is no second shelling at the boss node which may leave your girls vulnerable to the closing torpedo. Also, CA Hime will take less shots than usual, probably need to engage Night Battle to secure the kill
***130 air power recommended
**'''1FBB/CVL 1CLT/CA(V)/CL 4DD going IJSPQR (ALL FAST)'''
***Going through the shortcut and skipping one air raid node, also enabling second shelling at the boss node for higher chance of disabling the closing torpedo salvo from enemies
***However, your fleet will become very light due to the presence of 4DDs, may cause higher retreat pre-boss
***130 air power recommended
**<font color="blue">'''LBAS: 4 LBAA sent to boss'''</font>


===Totaku's Proposal===

'''Preparation'''

On this map, there are several ships that will have historical benefits on this map. A good number of them while useful on this map '''could possibly be useful in later maps'''. So be sure to only use ships you can carefully toss in here while doing this map on Normal and Hard Difficulty. In addition, while there is a mechanic to open a shortcut on this map, completing it isn't entirely necessary.

The only main question you need to ask here is the following:

# Are you willing to use some of the following ships such as [[Choukai]], [[Sendai]], [[Yura]], [[Amagiri]], [[Atago]], [[Takao]], [[Kongou]], [[Haruna]] on this map?
# Are you willing to go through with completing a shortcut phase on this map?

If you agree with the first one, carefully consider who you'll use as they may become useful in later maps. If you agree with the 2nd, you will need additional ships to meet shortcut requirements. Plan carefully using your ships on this map.

'''Historical Bonuses'''

Below is a list of the following historical bonuses:

* [[Choukai]], [[Sendai]], [[Yura]], [[Amagiri]] - 1.25x
* [[Kongou]], [[Haruna]], [[Atago]], [[Takao]] - 1.15x
* [[Akagi]], [[Kaga]] - 1.1x
* [[Souryuu]], [[Hiryuu]] - 1.1x

You may be able to use up to 3-4 historical ships here that will likely benefit this map. But once more, '''please carefully weigh your options before doing so.'''

'''Step 1: Deciding your course of action'''

On this map, you can choose to do the following options:

* Go Directly for the [[Heavy Cruiser Princess]]
* Attack Port Darwin (Node A) and defeat the [[Harbor Water Demon]] several times with an A rank to unlock the shortcut (1 times on Easy / Normal, 2 Times on Hard.

Depend on the direction you choose some options will need to be considered, keep in mind however that there it is '''not necessary to do the Node A Shortcut'''

Below we will focus on the shortcut first before engaging in the actual battle. You are welcome to skip and go directly to attacking the [[Heavy Cruiser Princess]].

'''Step 1a: Attack Port Darwin (Node A) and defeat the [[Harbor Water Demon]]'''

*<font color="red">'''Note that it's completely possible to defeat Heavy Cruiser Princess without the need of unlocking extra route. This phase should be done only if your fleet can't finish off the boss in Final Form to take an alternative route to avoid one air raid!'''</font>

* Recommend Fleet: '''2 CA, 1 CL, 2DD, 1 CVL''' (Fast Fleet)
* Path: '''I-F-E-B-D-A'''
* LBAS Recommendation:
**LBAS 1: 1 Land Base Fighter, 3 Land Base Bombers (Distance of 7 Required)

* On this path your fleet will take the shortest route
* Your Fleet will encounter a surface fleet consisting of CLs and DD, Vanguard Formation is recommended.
* Air Nodes will require decent air defense and AACI to pass efficiently. Use your CVL as a fighter mule, and bring a DD that can AACI to help efficiently past these nodes.
*It's recommended to also bring some Anti-Installation equipment, but it's not necessary to use a nuke setup to efficiently kill the enemies in Node A.

[[Harbor Water Demon]] will usually have possibly have an Airfield Princess, 2 DD and 2 Transports. Having an LBAS target this node should make short work of the enemies allowing for your fleet to do extensive damage to the boss. All you will need is 1-2 A ranks to successfully complete the requirements.

Once you successfully complete the requirement you will open a shortcut through nodes '''J-S-P'''

'''Step 1b: Defeat the [[Heavy Cruiser Princess]]'''

<tabber>
|-|2CA(V) 2DD 1CVL 1CL/CLT Comp=
* Path: '''I-J-L-P-Q-R'''
* Standard comp that '''DOES NOT''' go through the shortcut should you decide not to unlock it
* You will encounter 2 Air Attack Nodes and 2 Surface Battle Nodes before reaching the boss
* For the Air Nods, use Diamond formation and have a CVL that's a fighter mule along with AACI DD.
*If you have some of the better planes, a CVL can easily get 110 AP 1 Fighter and 1 Fighter Bomber which you only need at minimum which is considered suitable enough to susive the air attacks. You can then use the other spots for torpedo bombers.
* For the Surface Fleet, use Line Ahead or Vanguard Formation to take out or evade most of the enemies attacks and survive depending on what you bring.
|-|1FBB/CVL 1CLT/CA(V)/CL 4DD=
*Route: '''I-J-S-P-Q-R'''
* Ths comp will allow you to take the shortcut if you completed Step 1a's process.
* A '''Fast Fleet" is required to take this path.
*Going through the shortcut and skipping one air raid node, also enabling second shelling at the boss node for higher chance of disabling the closing torpedo salvo from enemies
***However, your fleet will become very light due to the presence of 4DDs, may cause higher retreat pre-boss
*If you have some of the better planes, a CVL can easily get 110 AP 1 Fighter and 1 Fighter Bomber which you only need at minimum which is considered suitable enough to susive the air attacks. You can then use the other spots for torpedo bombers.
* For the Surface Fleet, use Line Ahead or Vanguard Formation to take out or evade most of the enemies attacks and survive depending on what you bring.
|-|
</tabber>

'''Recommended LBAS'''
*'''4 Land Base Bombers''' (Range 6 Required)

The [[Heavy Cruiser Princess]] will be of a weaker variant that will consist of some CLs and DDs in her fleet. She will not have any airpower therefore allowing your fleet to get an easy AS if you bring a carrier with some fighter power. In addition to this, you can use an all bomber LBAS group to swiftly take out the majority of the enemy fleet so your fleet can focus more on the Princess.

The most effective way to win is to either have a DD that can TCI or use a ship with historical bonuses such as [[Atago]], [[Takao]], and [[Sendai]] who are most effective against the Princess with a double attack on this map. Whichever method you choose you can make short work of her and eventually you will clear the map with little effort.