==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Sandbox/Summer 2018 Event|Event Page Sandbox]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.


==Prelim guide==


'''Historical Ships'''
*CV(L/B):  Akagi, Hiryuu, Shoukaku, Souryuu, Zuikaku, Ryuujou, Suzuya, Kumano
*(F)BB(V): Haruna, Hiei, Kirishima, Kongou
*CA(V): Choukai, Kumano, Mikuma, Mogami, Suzuya
*CL: Yura, Abukuma
*DD: Arare, Akigumo, Hamakaze, Isokaze, Kagerou, Kasumi, Shiranui, Tanikaze, Urakaze, Amagiri, Fubuki, Hatsuyuki, Murakumo, Shirayuki
'''Historical may not be 100% confirmed especially the unconventional DDs'''


'''Phase 3 Boss bonuses'''

* Historical Ships: 1.2x
*SPF/SPB: 1.3x
*T3 Shell: 1.35x
*DB: 1.4x
*2DB. 2.1x

Phase 1: Sink [[Summer Harbor Princess]]

The goal of phase 1 is to sink [[Summer Harbor Princess]] either using a single fleet or a Surface Task Force. The boss in this phase is an installation so the usage of T3 shells and WG are advised. (need confirmation about T89 and Ka Mi tanks.

Composition
*  1 FBB 1 CV 1-2 CAV 2-3 DD
*  2 FBB 1 CAV 1 CV 2 DD + 1 CL 2 DD 2 CLT 1 CAV (can we get confirmation on if using CAs instead of DDs work?)
A single fleet allows you to conserve additional ships from being locked at the cost of requiring node support to reliability pass '''J''' node. '''(Might want to note some positives, my opinion is that this is the weaker composition overall)'''

Using the Surface Task Force composition allows for you to skip the usage of node support but in return you will take an additional sub node '''K'''. This composition has a stronger performance at the boss due to the extra shelling rounds and ability to bring more installation killing ships.


Phase 2: Sink [[Anchorage Water Demon]] (Vacation Mode)

Composition
* STF: 2 (F)BB(V) 1 CV(B) 3 CA(V) + 1 CL 1-2 CA(V) 1-2 CLT 2 DD 
* CTF: 3 CV(B) 2 CA(V) 1 SS(V) + 1 CL 1-2 CA(V) 1-2 CLT 2 DD 

notes

SSV tanking can be used to distract boss and nu
Boss in LD does not target sub anymore

Phase 3: Sink [[German Escort Princess]]
Composition
* CTF: 3 CV(B) 1 SS(V) 2 CA(V) + 1 CL 1-2 CA(V) 2 DD 1-2 CLT 0-1 CVL

This boss fight is extremely difficult due to the lack of post-cap modifiers given against the rest of the enemies on the boss node as well as the bosses extremely high armor.  

It's advised to in mind the historical and equipment post-cap modifiers granted against the boss while equipping your fleet for this battle.  

'''Any ships that do not utilize these modifiers will have trouble breaking through the armor outside of a critical, so please plan accordingly.'''


notes

Carriers should be equipped for Carrier CI (CVI), 1TB/2DB/1 fighter
CAV should either be equipped with seaplane fighters (SPF) or T3 shells.
SSV used for sub tanking enemies in the boss node and supplement air power.