==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Summer 2020 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.


Projected deadline for Initial guide: '''Nov 30th- December 1st, 12:01 JST''' (May get extended by 1 day if massive delays occur)

==DarkHeron's Proposal stolen by Grunilg with parts plagiarised from Arill==
E-2 is a multi-phase map starting with a TP Phase followed by a HP Phase. You '''cannot sortie''' any Flight-Deck equipped ship onto this map unless they have [[Arctic Gear & Deck Personnel]] equipped to them.

'''Phase 1: Deplete TP Gauge '''

The Goal of this Phase is depleting the TP-Gauge by reaching Node K and defeating the Transport Boss at Node N using a Transport Combined Fleet ('''TCF'''). The preboss gauntlet includes a Submarine Node (Node C), an Airstrike (Node F) and PT Imps (Node H), and an enemy Torpedo Squadron (Node I), the Boss itself is rather unimpressive and obtaining winning ranks should not pose a problem.

* Recommended Fleet (TCF): (0-1AV 0-1CL 1-2CAV 4DD) + (1-2CL 0-1CA(V) 3-5DD) | Maximum of 2(AV/CA/CAV)
* Route: B-C-F-H-J-K-N
* Notes:
** Concentrate your Transport Equipment on the Main Fleet as the Escort Fleet are the ones doing the most fighting
** AACI to deal with the Airstrike is recommended
** (O)ASW is optional, the subnode is not that threatening
** There is no Airpower on the Boss, a single Seaplane-Fighter is sufficient to acquire AS
** If lacking Destroyers equipped with Reinforcement Expansions to deal with PT-Imps, it is recommended to use Support Shelling

'''Phase 2: Unlock the Shortcuts E -> O and G -> O'''

S-rank Node A:
* Recommended Fleet: Use the TCF Comp that you used in Phase 1
* Route: B-A
* Notes: You can replace Transport Equipment for Combat Equipment

S-rank Node L: 
* Recommended Fleet: Use the TCF Comp that you used in Phase 1
* Route: B-C-F-H-I-J-L
* Notes: 
** Retreat after you reaching the Node as you would be fighting the boss under Ammo Penalty
** AACI to deal with the Airstrike is recommended
** (O)ASW is optional, the subnode is not that threatening
** If lacking Destroyers equipped with Reinforcement Expansions to deal with PT-Imps, it is recommended to use Support Shelling

S-rank Node N:
* Notes: See Phase 1, but with combat equipment

''' Phase 3: Defeat Abyssal CA Hime'''

The Goal of this Phase is to complete the Map by defeating the Heavy Cruiser Princess found in the Combined fleet in Node Q. She is the only threatening Element of the Boss Node, so at least two strong historical ships capable of punching through up to 277 Armour on Last Dance are recommended to deal with her.

There are two options to completing this Phase as outlined below, both of which have the following requirements: '''Fast Fleet, at least 3 CL, and up to 2 (F)BB(V) + CV(L)'''

<tabber>
|-|Heavy Comp=
* Recommended Fleet (STF):  (1-2(F)BB(V) 2-3CA(V) 2CL 0-1DD) + (CL 1-2CLT 0-1CA(V) 3DD)
* Node: B-A/C-E-O-Q
* Notes:
** More Lock-Intensive than the lighter fleet, but stronger in both pass rate and boss stopping power
** A single Seaplane Fighter or Seaplane Bomber in a large slot is sufficient to secure AS+ on all preboss Nodes as well as the Boss.
** If you want to avoid the submarine Node C, you can go to Node A instead, but this will put you at a damage penalty against the Boss.
|-|Light Comp=
* Recommended Fleet (STF):  ((F)BB(V) CA(V) 2CL 2DD) + (CA(V) 0-1CLT CL 3-4DD)
* Node: B-A/C-E-O-Q
* Notes:
** A single Seaplane Fighter or Seaplane Bomber in a large slot is sufficient to secure AS+ on all preboss Nodes as well as the Boss.
** If you want to avoid the submarine Node C, you can go to Node A instead, but this will put you at a damage penalty against the Boss.
** Node support is recommended
</tabber>