==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Summer 2020 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

Projected deadline for Initial guide: '''May 30th, 12:01 JST''' (May get extended by 1 day if massive delays occur)

===DarkHeron's Proposal (Consolidated guide from various sources)===

==General Guidelines==
* Unlike the previous event's final map, you can only use 1 Land Base for sortie all throughout E5. The other 2 land bases will be used for defense throughout this map.
* All the locks within E5 are recycled locks from previous maps:
** 8th Fleet, Grey tag (E3 unlocking)
** 2nd Torpedo Squadron, Orange tag (E3P1 and P3)
** 2nd Fleet, Green tag (E4P4)
* Once you unlocked the third starting point (2nd Torpedo Squadron point), all ships that are untagged and in a single fleet will be designated as Grey lock (8th Fleet).

==Phase 1: Defeat Buff Wa class Transport==
The objective is to defeat the boss node {{MapRoute|J|red}} featuring Wa class transports <br>
There are two different options for this part.
<tabber>
|-| 2nd Torpedo Squadron Method =
* Composition: Strike Force: 1 CL 5-6 DD (Orange Tag)  
* Route: {{MapRoute |A|red|D|red|E|blue|G|red|I|red|J1|blue|J|red}} for Strike Force (Orange Tag)
|-| 8th Fleet Method =
** Composition: 2 BBV, 2 CA, 2 CAV, 1 CLT (Gray Tag)
* Grey Tag routing {{MapRoute |A|red|D|red|E|blue|F|red|G|red|I|red|J1|blue|J|red}}
* This is a much heavier fleet that can route to the boss.
</tabber>
* LBAS Range = 10. There is no air power until last dance where a Nu class carrier will appear. AP/AS = 45/89 ('''HARD''')
* LOS: '''Casual/Easy/Medium/Hard''' is '''???/???/54.0/66.0'''
* Note: Unlike in E4, you can only send 1 LBAS throughout the map. Have 1 LBAS with bombers and send them to the preboss to help you pass through the node easily if you're not bringing node support.

==Phase 2: Defeat New Battleship Hime==
This phase will be available to you right after you cleared Phase 1. The boss is very tanky and the composition needed to reach the boss will need 3-4 Battleships , but you can go up to 6 Battleships if your whole fleet is '''fast'''. 

<tabber>
|-|4 Battleship Method=
* Composition: 4(F)BB(V), 1 CA(V) or CL, {{Ship/Link|Akitsushima}}/{{Ship/Link|Akashi}} + 1 CL, 3 CA(V) or 3 CLT, 2 DD. (Green tag)
* In this fleet speed does not matter, slow ships are allowed.
* It is recommended to use Nagato and Mutsu's broadside special attack.
* As Mutsu has a damage bonus here, it is recommended to use her as the Flagship so she gets two hits in.
|-|6 Battleship Method =
4(F)BB(V), 1 CA(V) or CL, {{Ship/Link|Akitsushima}}/{{Ship/Link|Akashi}}  +  2 FBB, 1CL 1 (CA(V) or CLT), 2 DD (All Fast)
* All ship must be fast, speeding modding your slow ships will work in this process
** If fleet is not fast, you will go to Node K first
* Consider Nagato/Mutsu special attack for day battle or Kongou-Class special attack in night battle
** Remember that only special attack can be proc in battle, you cannot proc both.
</tabber>
* Route: {{MapRoute |L|red|M|red|Q|blue|U1|red|V2|blue|V|red}}
* LBAS Range: 7. There is no air power at the boss
* Note: Node {{MapRoute |V2|blue}} is a repair node. The boss node has very high Anti-Air. Both compositions above have the Second Fleet Tag (green) to them.

==Phase 2.5: Unlock new Starting point for the 2nd Torpedo Squadron (Orange tag)==
There are 2 main requirements to unlock 
* AS Node {{MapRoute |B|red}} twice
* A+ Node {{MapRoute |U|red}} twice
<tabber>
|-|Node B=
* Composition Single Fleet: 2 CVL, 4 DD (Gray Tag)
* Route: {{MapRoute |A|red|B|red}}
* LBAS Range = 2, AP/AS = 169/380 for ('''HARD''')
* Notes: You can make use of your LBAS with fighters and sweep the node along with your fighter mule CV to secure AS on the node. Make sure your DD equip with ASW equipment to pass through {{MapRoute |A|red}} 
|-|Node U=
You have the option to use either an STF Fleet or a CTF Fleet in order to reach node {{MapRoute|U|red}}. Use of CTF will force you to node {{MapRoute|R|red}} which contains the new Submarine Princess. 
* Composition STF: 3(F)BB(V), 1 CV(B), 2(CA(V) or AV) + 1 CL, 1-2 CA(V), 1-2 CLT, 2-3 DD (Green Tag)
* Route: {{MapRoute|L|red|M|red|Q|blue|U1|red|U2|red|U|red}}
* Composition CTF: 2(F)BB(V), 2 CV(B), 2 CA(V) or AV + 1 CL 1-2 CA(V), 1-2 CLT, 2-3 DD. You can use 2 CV(B) + CVL as an alternative and have the FBB in the Escort Fleet (Green Tag)
* Route:  {{MapRoute |L|red|M|red|R|red|T|red|U2|red|U|red}}
* LBAS Range = 10 AP/AS: 406/912
* Notes: The target node has heavy airpower and requires long range LBAS to reach it. Support Expeditions are optional as only an A Rank is required.
** The AV '''Cannot''' be [[Akitsushima]] if you choose to use an AV in the main fleet. 
* STF Fleet note: You need a minimum of 3 DDs to route from {{MapRoute|U1|red}} to {{MapRoute|U2|red}}. Otherwise, you will be routed to {{MapRoute |T|red}}.
</tabber>

==Phase 2.75: Unlock the path to Node {{MapRoute |Z|red}}==
There are a total of 6 requirements needed to unlock 
* AS Node {{MapRoute |B|red}} twice
* A+ rank Node {{MapRoute |U|red}} twice
* S rank Node {{MapRoute |S|red}} twice
* A+ rank Node {{MapRoute |V|red}} twice
* A+ rank Node {{MapRoute |Y|red}} twice
* AS LBAS Defence twice
<tabber>
|-|Node B=
* This is the same phase as phase 2.5 for Node {{MapRoute |B|red}}
|-|Node U=
* This is the same phase as phase 2.5 for Node {{MapRoute |U|red}}
|-|Node S=
* Composition '''fast''' STF: 2(F)BB(V), 3 CA(V), 0-1 CL, 0-1 DD + 1 CL, 1 CA(V), 0-1 CLT, 3-4 DD (Green Tag)
* Route: {{MapRoute |L|red|M|red|N|red|O|red|S|red}}
* LBAS Range = 6, no air power
* Note: You need to have a minimum of 4 DDs in the fleet for routing.
|-|Node V=
* You can use the same fleet as in '''Phase 2'''
* Composition STF: 4(F)BB(V), 1 CA(V) or CL, {{Ship/Link|Akitsushima}}/{{Ship/Link|Akashi}} + 1 CL, 3 (CA(V) or CLT), 2 DD
* Route: {{MapRoute|L|red|M|red|Q|blue|U1|red|V2|blue|V|red}}
* Note: Since you don't need to S rank the boss, you can have your DD be OASW to help pass through the sub-node
** Support Expedition is optional but can be used if you are having trouble passing through the pre boss node {{MapRoute|U1|red}}
|-|Node Y=
* Composition Strike Force: 1 CL 6 DD
* Route: {{MapRoute|B|red|C|red|W|blue|X|red|Y|red}}
* LBAS Range = 6, no air power
</tabber>

==Phase 3: Defeat New Light Cruiser Hime==
* Composition Strike Force: 1 CL 6 DD (Orange Tag)
* Route: {{MapRoute |B|red|C|red|W|blue|X|red|Z1|purple|Z|red}}
* LBAS Range =  8, no air power
* LOS: '''Casual/Easy/Medium/Hard''' = '''55.0/55.00/62.0/81.0''' for Cn3 formula
* Note: Due to the nature of the LOS requirement and the fleet, uses of GTRL (Gun, Torpedo, Radar, and Skilled lookout) is essential to both meet the LOS requirements for routing and damage output
* Special Note: For this specific boss and the current bonus, it is possible to make uses of Vanguard formation at the boss for the kill instead of utilizing Line ahead as normal at the boss.

==Debuff Phase==
There are 7 requirements to complete the debuffing phase for New Light Cruiser Hime. The majority of the comps for each of these requirements will be the same compositions used in the previous phases
* A+ Node {{MapRoute |V|red}}
* S rank Node {{MapRoute |H|red}}
** This can be achieved by using a Single Fleet with Grey Tag. 2 BBV, 2 CA(V), 2 DD
** Route: {{MapRoute |A|red|D|red|E|blue|F|red|H|red}}
* S rank Node {{MapRoute |J|red}}
* AS Node Node {{MapRoute |N|red}}
* A+ Rank Node {{MapRoute |U|red}}
* S rank Node {{MapRoute |V1|red}} 
** Use the same fleet you used for '''Phase 2''' but replace {{Ship/Link|Akitsushima}}/{{Ship/Link|Akashi}} for another AV to route to {{MapRoute|V1|red}}
* A+ rank Node {{MapRoute |V|red}}