==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Sandbox/Summer 2018 Event|Event Page Sandbox]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

===DarkHeron Propasal===

'''Historical Bonus'''

French Fleet (Richelieu and Commandant Teste)
Richelieu and teste x1.5 in boss node against any other enemies (x2.0 if she targets the boss)
Everyone gets x1.2 bonus
'''Routing'''

Routing from E -> H requires 2 Radars for radar check

'''LBAS Recommendation''' 
Can be able to sortie 1 Land Base in this map only

Boss is 5 range so it allows flexibility to send LBAS fighter with range 5 or more to the boss
 
1 LBAS Fighter, 3 LBAA Bombers.


===Grunilgs Proposal===

'''Locking Recommendation'''
Total of 8/9 Ships:
*1 (F)BB(V), ideally [[Richelieu]] due to historical Bonus, provided she has no strong bonus on later maps, which is currently unknown
*1/2 CVL
*1 CL
*5 DD, 2 with OASW capability, 1 TCI-Capable

'''Phase 1: Scouting the area (Unlocking the Boss Route)'''

This is pretty straightforward, as it requires you to A-Rank the Nodes A, D, K and L. You have one LBAS at your disposal, which you can send to help you complete these nodes. The maximum Range required is 5

<tabber>
|-|A=
*Recommended Composition is '''1CL 5DD''' or '''1(F)BB(V) 1CL 4DD'''
*The Route is '''C-F-B-A/C-E-F-B-A''' with '''C''' and '''B''' being fairly unimpressive enemy torpedo squadrons and '''F''', '''E''' being choice nodes
*Node '''A''' is a Submarine Node, bringing ASW-Equipment is recommended. 
**A Battleship will enable a second shelling phase if you struggle to kill the subs
|-|D=
*Recommended Composition is '''1CL 5DD''' or '''6DD'''
*The Route is '''C-E-H-D''' with '''C''' and '''H''' being fairly unimpressive enemy torpedo squadrons and '''F''' being a choice node
**There is a RADAR-Check requiring you to bring at least '''2 Surface RADARs'''
*Node '''D''' is a Submarine Node, bringing ASW-Equipment is recommended. 
|-|K=
*Recommended Composition is '''1CL 5DD, 1(F)BB(V) 1CL 4DD''' or '''1CA(V) 1CL 4DD'''
*The Route is '''C-F-G-K''' or '''C-E-F-G-K''' with '''C''' and '''G''' being fairly unimpressive enemy torpedo squadrons and '''F, E''' being choice nodes
**There is a RADAR-Check requiring you to bring at least '''2 Surface RADARs'''
*Node '''K''' is a Surface Combat Node containing an Abyssal CVL. You can consider bringing Airpower or AACI to combat this
|-|L=
*Recommended Composition is '''1(F)BB(V) 1CL 4DD, 1CA(V) 1CL 4DD''' or '''1(F)BB(V) 1CL 1-2CVL 2-3DD'''
*The Route is '''C-E-H-L''' with '''C''' and '''H''' being fairly unimpressive enemy torpedo squadrons and '''E''' being a choice node
**There is a RADAR-Check requiring you to bring at least '''2 Surface RADARs'''
*Node '''L''' is a Surface Combat Node
|-|
</tabber>

Completing these tasks will unlock Node N containing the Boss

'''Phase 2: Fighting [[Summer French Battleship Princess]]'''

To clear the map, you are required to deplete the HP Bar by damaging the [[Summer French Battleship Princess]] and sink her on Last Dance. As she has up to '''254 Armour''' on Last Dance, bringing TCI or Ships with historical Bonus is highly recommended.

As the Preboss nodes are fairly weak, you can send a 5 Range LBAS to the Boss. You are required to have 58 Fighterpower to meet Air Denial on all compositions.

AS on the boss itself ranges from 108-257, so plan the Aircraft of the LBAS and your Fleet accordingly

There are two routes:

<tabber>
|-|North=
*Recommended Composition is 1(F)BB(V) 1CA(V) 1CL 3DD
*Recommended LBAS for First Land Base is 1-2 Fighter / 2-3 Torpedo Bomber or Land Base Bombers
*The Route is '''C-E-F-G-M-N''' 
**Nodes '''C, G''' being unimpressive torpedo squadrons, '''M''' being a subnode, '''E''', '''F''' being choice nodes and '''N''' being the Boss node
**There is a '''RADAR-Check''' requiring you to bring at least '''2 Surface RADARs'''
**There is a '''LoS-Check''' at node '''G'''
*This approach limits the Airpower you are allowed to bring to the boss, so you might not be able to make use of Daytime Special Attacks
*Bringing Boss Support is recommended
|-|South=
*Recommended Composition is '''1(F)BB(V) 1CL 1-2CVL 2-3DD''' or ''''1(F)BB(V) 1CL 1CVL 1CA(V) 2DD'''
*Recommended LBAS for First Land Base is 1 Fighter / 3 Torpedo Bomber or Land Base Bombers
*The Route is '''C-E-H-L-N''' 
** Nodes '''C''','''H''' and '''L''' being surface combat nodes, '''E''' being a choice node and N being the Boss node
**There is a RADAR-Check requiring you to bring at least '''2 Surface RADARs'''
**There is a '''LoS-Check''' at node '''H'''
*This approach allows you to bring more daytime firepower to the boss as achieving Air superiority and using special attacks will help your Damage. However, you will be arriving under a slight Ammo Penalty as you are facing three preboss-nodes.
*Bringing Boss Support is recommended
|-|
</tabber>