==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Fall 2019 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

===DarkHeron's Proposal===

*Support Expedition
** Uses of Support Expedition for both the boss and node is essential.
***Boss Support Expedition in E1 for Phase 1 is essential as you will need it to try and clear out the PT boat allowing your ship to target Supply Depot Hime for maximum damage

*Phase 1:
** Memeber of the DesDiv 8 (Asashio, Ooshio, Arashio, Michisio) for the shortest route possible (2 battles; 1 preboss, 1 boss battle).
** As of writing this guide, lock only 1 member of the DesDiv 8 if you want to save any of those members for later map (Michisio, Ooshio)
*** In history, DesDiv 8 only had a major operations within E1 and nowhere else in this event. 

*** Made use of the Type 2 Amphibious Tank, Marine (Type 89 Daihatsu, M4A1, Toku Daihatsu 11th regiment), and WG to deal maximum damage to the boss
*** Boss is Supply Depot Hime
*** Made use of the 2x High Angle and Marine Daihatsu (M4A1, Type 89 Daihatsu) in order to kill the PT Boat and Supply Depot Hime at the same time

----

*Branching Rule
**Phase1
***BCEFH DesDiv Route
**Phase 2
***BCEFIJK

** Lower Difficulty Guide
*** It is possible to use Heavy Cruisers and Light Cruisers to help clear the map if you happened to not be able to lock all the members of the DesDiv 8
**** Not running 4 Destroyer could offroute you but allows you to have more ships to use in event overall

*Phase 2: 
** The boss is a regular Ho class Light Cruiser.
** Uses of Cl and DD fleet should route you to the boss

===Minhfongboy===
'''Historical''': DesDiv8<br/>
'''Shiplock''': Purple-Pink (Shiplock #1)
*<u>'''Part 1: Defeating Supply Depot Princess'''</u>
**'''4DD 1XX going BCEFH''' (XX = CL, DD, CLT)
***No Radar needed. 4DD is the minimum requirement to secure the routing
***Boss node contains Supply Depot Hime and a bunch of PT Imps
***Anti-installation equip and Anti-Imp equip such as Skilled Lookout are required. Plan accordingly
***Supply Depot Hime takes defeatable damage from one full nuke combo if done right (Tank + T89 + WG42)
*<u>'''Part 2: Defeating CL He-Class FSK'''</u>
**'''4DD 1XX going BCEFIJK''' (XX = CL, DD, CLT)
***4DD is the minimum requirement to secure the routing
***CL He-Class FSK has 84 FP, 150 HP and 89 Armor, equivalent to BB Ta-Class Flagship

===Totaku's Proposal===

'''Preparations'''

On this map, you will be using a single fleet consisting of a small fleet that cannot use (F)BB(V),CV(L)(B) and LAH in this operation. And as Ooyodo's notes suggests if you can, use DesDiv 8 Members as they can help clear the map easily. '''However, it's not entirely necessary to use them and you can consider conserving them for later maps so they can assist in future maps on a higher difficulty.'''

The three majors you should check and consider before doing this map are the following:
# Do you have any Anti-installation Equipment? (Type 3 Shell, Anti-Ground Rockets, Mortars, Daihatsu/ Tank based equipment)
# Do you have some Destroyers and Light Cruisers that can equip said equipment Anti-Ground Rocket, Mortars and Daihatsu/ Tank based equipment?
# Do you have Destroyer Division 8 Members ([[Asashio]], [[Ooshio]], [[Michishio]], [[Arashio]]) (preferably Kai Ni? (Optional)

If you say yes to the first 2 questions, you can most likely clear the first map depending on the recommended lighter ship comps listed below. Otherwise an alternative comp that will be longer and more difficult can be considered but may present some difficulty for you to complete. If you said yes to the DesDiv 8 Question, you can consider possible options, but be aware you may possibly need them for future maps in this event.

'''Historical Bonus'''

On this event map, the '''8th Destroyer Division''' benefits the most on this map as they have a large bonus that will be more than effective at completing the map as they can make the map very easy to complete. In addition of this, '''Nagara and the 21st Destroyer Division''' can work just effectively. But as mentioned, if you have all the proper gear, you may consider an alternative that doesn't need all the historical ships. Below is a list of the following historical bonuses:

'''Destroyer Division 8''' ([[Asashio]], [[Ooshio]], [[Michishio]], [[Arashio]]): 1.25x (base), Node H: 1.45x, Node J: 1.2x, Node K: 1.3x

'''[[Nagara]] and Destroyer Division 21''' ([[Nenohi]], [[Wakaba]], [[Hatsushimo]]) - 1.15x bonus (across the entire map)

However you choose to tackle the map carefully plan out method of attack prior to taking on the map. If needed '''you can consider bringing 1-2 Historical ships to maximize your combat efficiency on this map'''

'''Part 1: Take Down the [[Supply Depot Princess]]'''

Below is a tab which will cover three of the most recommended fleet comps that can be used on this map. These comps can be used across the whole map.

'''Recommended Fleet'''

Total ships needed: 4-6 ships (depending on what you have and can use

<tabber>
|-|1DD/CL/CLT ,4 DD Comp=
*Route: '''B-C-E-F-H'''
* You will only face off against one enemy fleet consisting of 3-4 DDs prior to the boss.
*This comp is technically the strongest, most effective way to play the map and can be used to pass through the majority of the map without.
*This comp is good if you have at least 2 DD that can be anti-installation nukes (Type 2 Amphibious Tank, Marine (Type 89 Daihatsu, M4A1, Toku Daihatsu 11th regiment), and WG to deal maximum damage to the boss) while the other ships can take on the role of taking out PT imps.
|-|4 DD Comp=
*Route: '''B-C-E-F-H'''
* You will only face off against one enemy fleet consisting of 3-4 DDs prior to the boss.
*This comp should only be considered if your aiming to conserve from using a CL on the map. It will however make the map more difficult.
*This comp is good if you have at least 2 DD that can be anti-installation nukes (Type 2 Amphibious Tank, Marine (Type 89 Daihatsu, M4A1, Toku Daihatsu 11th regiment), and WG to deal maximum damage to the boss) while the other ships can take on the role of taking out PT imps.
|-|1-3CA, 3-5DD Comp=
*Route: '''A-C-E-F-H''' (Easy or Less)
*Route: '''A-C-D-F-H''' (Normal or Higher)
* This comp is recommended only to players who are relatively new and lack in small ship based anti-installation equipment.
* CAs are to weild [[Type 3 Shell]] to fight the [[Supply Depot Princess]]. DDs will take up the role to dispatch PT Imps.
* You will take the same route on Easy or lower, but on higher difficulties, you will face off against a sub fleet and a fleet consisting of heavy ships that can possibly send you back home fast.
*This comp should only be considered '''if you do not have a way to make anti-installation equipment for you DDs and CL.''' and for anyone who tries to use this comp in higher difficulties, be aware that it will be difficult to pass due to the CAs that you'll encounter in Node D along with your possible fuel penalty.
*Using this comp on Easy or lower should not present any issue for your fleet.
|-|
</tabber>

The [[Supply Depot Princess]] very easy to defeat if you follow the mentioned steps above. Bringing in historical ships can make the map even easier, just be careful '''how many you bring in because they can possibly be relevant in later maps.'''

Once defeated you can process to fight off the enemy fleet counter attack in the new path that has opened.

'''Part 2: Defeat the Counter Attack Fleet with the [[Light Cruiser He-Class]]'''

*Route: '''A-C-E-F-I-J-K''' (Easy or Less) if using 1 DD/CL/CLT, 4 DD or 4 DD comp
*Route: '''A-C-D-F-I-J-K''' (Normal or Higher) if using CA based comp

With the [[Supply Depot Princess]] Defeated, enemy fleets will now ramp up their fleets slightly in some node but otherwise, the same exact fleet you used form Part 1 for Part 2. This however, you will focus on surface combat equipment and arm more of your DDs with 2 guns + Radar and take the path to node K.

Enemy along the route will be mostly the same. But in node J you will face off against a fleet consisting of a He-class CL with late model DDs. If necessary, consider vanguard formation for this node.

The boss node itself will consist of 1 He-class along with another CL and some DDs. Most difficulties below Hard will have you face off against a normal He-class CL, but on hard mode, you will be facing off against the new Kai Flagship version.

Overall, the He-class isn't much different in it's combat abilities although it is much stronger. It's main strength will it's high H{ and that it can double attack in night battle. Simply take out enemy ships along hopefully have the He-class as your last surviving ship. Then at night battle hit the boss with a ship and it should go down.

Having a historical ship can also give you a better edge in this fight, so you can consider bringing them. But remember to carefully consider who you bring.

While a support fleet can be helpful here for both inroute and boss, with enough persistence it will hardly be necessary.