==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Sandbox/Summer 2018 Event|Event Page Sandbox]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

==Generic Guide 101==

E-3 is not a difficult map (merely tedious), and the shiplock only applies on Hard Difficulty. Nevertheless, there are multiple phases to the map that must be tackled sequentially.

===Preparing for E-3===

E-3 will require you to be well prepared in terms of Interceptor equipment, anti-installation equipment and specific ships that will help you turn the tides of battle more easily for the higher difficulties. Below is a list of important questions you may want to ask yourself prior to deciding upon what difficulty to challenge yourself with.

#Do you have plenty of anti-installation equipment that includes [[Type 3 Shell]]s, [[Type 91 AP Shell|AP Shells]]s, [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]], [[Daihatsu]], [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)|Daihatsu with Type 89 Tanks]], [[WG42]].[[Shipborne Model Type 4 20cm Anti-ground Rocket Launcher]]? (a minimum requirement for this map would be 2 Ka-Mi Tanks, 2 Daihatsu /w Type 89 Tanks, and 2 WG42 or Anti-ground rockets.)
#Do you have more rare anti-installation equipment such as the [[Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft + 11th Tank Regiment]] amd [[M4A1 DD]]?
#Do you have have '''at least 2 rocket interceptors''' from this event or from ranking?
#Do you have a way to achieve 1365 Air power with 3 land base groups set to Air Defense? (rank your Rocket interceptors and calculate the bonus they provide before hand)
#Do you have decent amount of foreign ships left over that come from Italy, Germany, America, or Britain?

* If you said said to all of the above, you may be more than ready to tackle E-3.
* If you for some reason said no to question 3 specifically, you can forget about Hard mode, and Normal difficulty may also be questionable due to the lack of Rocket Interceptors you own. You may have to consider only easy so you can earn another Rocket Interceptor to help give you edge in future event.
* If you cannot successfully achieve question 4, you may want to question about doing hard more, but it may be still possible to beat, but you will need to skip the final debuff step. Also waiting till Friend Fleets arrive could also help.

===Key Ships to consider===

For E-3 any ship that hails from Italy, Germany, America, or Britain are consider useful for this map. As they will all have useful bonuses which are further listed below. Do note that if you complete the debuff requirements you the affects will stack even further. Below is a list of some ships you should consider preserving for E-3 if possible:

* [[Nelson]] - Her Special attack the "Nelson Touch" will be key assest to helping clear out most of the key nodes and boss fights on this map along with her bonus. Using her along with ships that use anti-installation nuke setups can potentially wipe out most boss installations with ease. If you own her, she a must for this map.
* [[Garibaldi]] or [[Duca degli Abruzzi]] - Both of them have a good damage bonus and being 4 slot CLs make them useful for both combat and anti-installation combat all together.
* [[Johnston]] and [[Fletcher]] - Useful mainly for the final segments of the event, since they have high luck, a good bonus, and can TCI efficiently. They can also provide help for Node F if you let them take up an ASW role in between.
* [[Iowa]] - Over all the strongest combat BB in the American group. She can get good damage off with her bonus on this map. Can also be used in escort.
* [[Colorado]] -Weaker compared to most of the ships, she can be considered if you lack in most forgien ships only, however avoid using her special ability if possible because it has too much risk with little rewarding results.
* [[Saratoga]] and [[Intrepid]]- High Bonus CV that will be helpful in general
* [[Ark Royal]] If you didn't use her on E-2, she can be useful for this map as well.
* [[Zara]]- Can be good for day battle combat and battling installations, along with her bonus she can provide decent results.
* [[Prinz Eugen]] - More useful for the final segments of the event,  since she has high luck, a good bonus, and can TCI efficiently.
* [[Jervis]] - Overall the strongest of the TCI units that come with a bonus on this map. If you didn't use her on E-2, she will be a powerful asset for E-3's final boss fight.

In addition to the historical here some important non-historical can also be considered for this map which include:

* [[Commandant Teste]] and [[Nisshin]] - Both are powerful anti-installation nukes when combined properly with the right set up and used in conjunction with Nelson Touch will often yeild powerful results if they target the installations.
* [[Tashkent]] - a 4 Slot DD that can work as an efficient anti-installation DD, she can be a good subsistute for the above mentioned AVs.
* Asashio-class Kai 2 DDs - Most Asashio-class DDs can work as suitable anti-installation DDs though if possible have [[Arashio]],[[Arare]] or [[Ooshio]] reserved as they are among the heavy hit anti-installation units. They can also work as subsitutes for the above mentioned AVs.

===LBAS Key Notes===
LBAS:
*You have access to all 3 LBAS bases.
*The range to the P1 boss (Node J) is 8.
*The range to the P2 boss (Node U) is 7.
*The range to Nodes O & T (required for unlocks) is 8.
*The range to Node F (New Submarine Hime node) is 4.

===Ship Bonuses===

*'''Mapwide:'''
**German, Italian, US: 1.1x
**British: 1.15x

*Node J
**German, US: 1.1x
**Italian: 1.2x
**British: 1.25x

*Node U (Boss)
**German - 1.1x
**Italian - 1.15x
**US - 1.25x
**British - 1.3x

*Node U (Boss) - Second Start Point Unlocked
**[https://twitter.com/dewydrops/status/1171791940733419521 1.07x Bonus]

*Node U (Boss) - Second Start Point Unlocked & Last Dance Debuff (vs Anzio & Anchorage Hime only)
**[https://twitter.com/dewydrops/status/1171791940733419521 1.15x Bonus]

===Part 1: Destroying Anchorage Water Demon (Vacation Mode)===

The most straightforward phase of the map. A Fast Surface Task Force with 2FBB and no CVs (CVL allowed, but no more than 3 BBs+CVLs) or Single Fleet (no speed and Ship Restrictions) will give you the fastest route to the boss.
The enemy Main Fleet features PT-Imp Packs. While their ending torps don't pose a threat in this configuration, they are considerable tanks.

<tabber>
|-|STF=
*Route: '''A-F-I-J'''
*Nelson, if used (ideally with an RE slot), will require a speed boost set-up (turbine+boiler).
**Nelson Touch may be used to help with pre-boss clear rate at Node I, or to clear the boss fleet at Node J. Pick your poison.
*LBAS: 4 bombers on 2 bases to boss (Node J), 4 ASW (ideally Toukai) on 1 Base to node F to help with pass rate.
*Anchorage Summer Hime is weak against T3 Shell (1.45x), M4A1 DD from Summer E2H
**High Firepower Daihatsu-Capable DDs with DA set-up and/or AVs with M4A1 DD anti-installation set-up can 'nuke' and kill Anchorage Hime with ease.
|-|Single Fleet=
*Route: '''A-B-F-I-J'''
*There are no restrictions on the ships that you can take, so you can go as heavy as you want. There are also no Speed Restrictions
*The general idea is to go 3BB 3CV, ideally with Nelson as Flagship
**Setting up the CV in a way that they cannot target Installations while giving them 2 Divebombers will allow them to deal massive damage to the Anchorage Water Demon while ignoring 3 other targets of the main fleet.
**This approach however will cost you more bauxite (and planeranks) as you are taking a sizeable ammount of bombers against heavy Anti-Air
*Nelson Touch should be used to help with pre-boss clear rate at Node I. You can use it at the boss aswell, but it can trigger prematurly on the Escort Fleet which a heavy fleet like this should have no problems clearing out on their own
*LBAS: 4 bombers on 2 bases to boss (Node J), 4 ASW (ideally Toukai) on 1 Base to node F to help with pass rate.
**Since you are using a single Fleet, you are elegible to use Vanguard Formation on Node F
|-|
</tabber>

===Part 2: Unlocking the Second Boss Node (U)===
Once you defeat the '''[[Anchorage Water Demon (Vacation Mode)]]''' you will be able to unlock additional paths to other locations across the maps. During this part, your fleet will need to complete several major steps in order to gain access to Anzio (Node U). Below are the requirements that will be needed based upon difficulty.

{| class="wikitable"
! style="font-size:18px;"|Requirements
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node E
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node K
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node O
! style="font-size:18px;"|Land Base Defense
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Casual
|style="text-align:center;"| '''B+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"|'''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''B+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"|'''Not Required'''
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Easy
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Normal
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''S rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Hard
|style="text-align:center;"| '''S rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''S rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''<br>'''Twice'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Twice'''
|}

Each difficulty is scale accordingly so plan your method of how you will complete each step as the recommended requirements will be listed below.

<tabber>
|-|Node E=
* Fleet: '''Single''' -2-3(F)BB(V), 2 CV, 1-2 DD/AV
* Route: '''A-B-D-E'''
**Usage of Nelson is recommended as her Touch will make node E easier
*LBAS: 2 or 3 Land Base Groups, 1 Fighter, 3 bombers on 2 bases to Node E.
*Node E is filled with lots of various installations in the main group and a smaller fleet in escort.
**High Firepower Daihatsu-Capable DDs with DA set-up and/or AVs with M4A1 DD anti-installation set-up can 'nuke' and kill the majority of the installations.
* While not entirely necessary, bringing in-route support may be needed if you're aiming to S rank on hard. Lower difficulties will not require much effort as you can complete th requirement with an A rank.
|-|Node O=
* Fleet: Option 1: '''Surface Task Force''' 3 (F)BB(V), 1 CV, 2 CA(V)/DD/AV + 1 CL, 1-2 CA, 1-2 CLT, 2-3 DD '''(Recommended)'''
** Option 2: '''Carrier Task Force''' 2 (F)BB(V), 2 CV, 2CA(V)/DD/AV + 1 CL, 1-2 CA, 1-2 CLT, 2-3 DD
*Route: A-F-G-M-N-O
*LBAS: 1 Fighter, 3 bombers on 2 bases to Node E. 4 ASW Bombers on 1 base to Node F if possible.
* The main routing requirement is having less or equal 4 (F)BB(V)+CV(B/L)
**Alternatively, it is possible to use a Surface Task Force which will help you dealing with the preboss-nodes. You might consider bringing [[Ise|Ise Kai 2]] to augment your Fighterpower
**Have a DD set for PT Imp killer in Escort 
**Only A rank needed so load up with Anti-Installation equipment to kill off the Installation to secure an A rank.
***If using Nelson, consider incorporating Anti-Installation attacks into her Touch. (for example using [[Nisshin]] or [[Commandant Teste]])
**CA Hime does not need to die so focus on killing everyone else to secure the A-rank
|-|Node K=
* Fleet: '''Surface Task Force''' 3 (F)BB(V), 1 CV, 2 CA(V)/DD/AV + 1 CL, 1-2 CA, 1-2 CLT, 2-3 DD '''(Recommended)'''
**Route: A-F-G-M-L-K
*LBAS: 1 Fighter, 3 bombers on 2 bases to Node E. 4 ASW Bombers on 1 base to Node F if possible.
**Use a STF with less or equal 4 (F)BB(V)+CV(B/L)
***A STF will be able to dedicate the whole Escort Fleet to ASW to pass F-Node as they are unlikely to engage enemies after the main fleet in daytime shelling on the nodes present.
*The node is easy enough for you to S rank without a problem once you get there, especially considering that BB Hime takes extra damage from Land Base Bombers.
**On Casual You only need a B rank to successfully complete the requirement
|-|Land Base Defense=
*This requirement is '''Hard Mode Only'''
**Set-Up All 3 of your land base with Interceptors, Land Base Fighters, and any good fighter to get AS, this include the rocket interceptors that you may have obtained from ranking or from this event.
**Sortie am=n all submarine fleet to the map to save resources until the air raids trigger
**Be aware that you need Rocket Interceptors against High-Altitude Air Raids 
*** Without any interceptors you will only get 50% of your air power against high altitude bombers. 
*** With one interceptor you have a 80% air power vs. high altitude bombers
*** With two interceptor you have a 110% air power vs. high altitude bombers
*** With three interceptor you have a 120% air power vs. high altitude bombers
**For hard mode, it's '''highly recommended''' to max out your rocket interceptors to help make getting more easier.
|-|
</tabber>

Once all conditions are complete, you will unlock the path to Anzio (Node U) along with some additional paths which will be will be vital for the next step of the operation.

===Part 3: Unlocking the Second Start Point===
In this phase, you will be using your fleet to complete various objective around the map, this will including some difficult challenges as well as encountering the boss node and getting some victories against the boss itself. Below is a summary of the requirements you will need to complete.

{| class="wikitable"
! style="font-size:18px;"|Requirements
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node D
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node N
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node R
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node T
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node U
! style="font-size:18px;"|Land Base Defense
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Casual
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"|'''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"|'''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"|'''Not Required'''
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Easy
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"|'''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"|'''Not Required'''
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Normal
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Hard
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''<br> '''Twice'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''<br> '''Twice'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|}

Depending on the difficulty you may need to complete additional steps, below are the steps that will summarize what is needed for each requirement.

<tabber>
|-|AS Node D=
* Fleet: '''Single''' 2-3(F)BB(V), 3 CV
* Route: '''A-B-D'''
* Obtaining AS from node D if you have 3 CV should be easy enough with a standard setup.
|-|AS Node N=
* Fleet: Option 1: '''Surface Task Force''' 2-3 (F)BB(V), 1-2 CVL, 2 CA(V)/DD/AV + 1 CL, 1-2 CA, 1-2 CLT, 2-3 DD '''(Recommended)'''
*Fleet: Options 2: '''Carrier Task Force'''(If going in route to T) 2 CV, 1 BB, 3 SS(V) + 1 CL, 2 DD, 3 SS or alternatively 1 AS, 1 CL, 2 DD, 0-2 CA, 0-2 CLT
*Route: A-F-G-M-N-(T)
*LBAS: STF method - If needed, 1-2 Land bases consisting of 3-4 fighters/land base fighters with a range of 7 to node N. 4 ASW Bombers on 1 base to Node F if possible.
* LBAS: CTF method to node T - 2 Land bases consisting of 1 fighter 3 Bomber with a range of 6 to Node G, 1 Land base consisting of Toukai or ASW bombers to Node F if possible.
*This can be done in conjunction with completing Node T requirements if needed.
**For additional info on Node T, please refer to Node T tab.
*For Carrier Task Force, method, you may need an in route support fleet to help survive the trip to N.
**If you use Surface Task Force are in need of air power, you can consider bringing 2 CVLs in place of a CV or a BBV like Ise Kai 2 and/or Hyuuga Kai 2 to bring additional air power. AV or CAVs as a seaplane fighter mule can also work as an alternative to BBVs or CVLs as long as you bring a CV along with them.
|-|AS Node R=
* Fleet: '''Surface Task Force''' 3(F)BB(V), 1-2AV, 1CV, 0-1 CL/CA(V) + 1 CL, 2 CA, 1 CLT, 2 DD
**Route: A-F-G-M-L-K-R-(U)
*LBAS: Option 1:  If needed, 1-2 Land bases consisting of 3-4 fighters/land base fighters with a range of 6 to node R. 4 ASW Bombers on 1 base to Node F if possible.  
*LBAS: Option 2: 1 Fighter, 3 bombers on 2 bases to Node U. 4 ASW Bombers on 1 base to Node F if possible.
*This can be done in conjunction with completing Node U requirements if needed.
** For more details on node U please reffer to Node U tab.
**Make sure your fighter power is about 380+ to AS R
|-|Node T=
* Fleet: '''Carrier Task Force'''(If going in route to T) 2 CV, 1 BB, 3 SS(V) + 1 CL, 2 DD, 3 SS or alternatively 1 AS, 1 CL, 2 DD, 0-2 CA, 0-2 CLT
**Route: A-F-G-M-N-T
* LBAS: 2 Land bases consisting of 1 fighter 3 Bomber with a range of 6 to Node G, 1 Land base consisting of Toukai or ASW bombers to Node F if possible.
*This can be done in conjunction with completing Node N requirements if needed.
**For additional info on Node T, please refer to Node T tab.
*If you use [[Taigei]] she can stand in to represent all 3 subs in the one part in either your main or escort fleet allowing for other ship types to be used.
**It's recommended to put [[Taigei]] in flagship position of the escort fleet. As it'll allow you to bring in a stronger escort fleet and minimize the threat your subs will face from nodes A and G.
*If you do not have [[Taigei]] or converted her to Ryuuhou, you will need to bring a total of 6 subs which will present a great danger to your fleet along the trip, especially for nodes A and G. 
*In-route Support Fleet is highly recommended as well to improve your passing rate against these nodes till you can reach Node T. 
*Rocket Launcher Kai 2s are also recommended for your CV as node N will have a more concentrated attack against your surface ships. Thus this can reduce the likelihood of possible damage.
|-|Node U=
*Fleet: 2BB, 1-2AV, 2CV, 0-1 DD/CL/CA + 1 CL, 2 CA, 1 CLT, 2 DD
*Route: A-F-G-M-L-K-R-U
*LBAS: Option 2: 1 Fighter, 3 bombers on 2 bases to Node U. 4 ASW Bombers on 1 base to Node F if possible.
*This can be done in conjunction with completing Node R requirements if needed.
**For additional info on Node R, please refer to Node R tab.
**This route will force you to incurred some ammo penalty when you reached the boss
***The DD/CL/AV in the main fleet if the use should be set up to 'nuke' the installation such as Supply Depot Hime
***Make sure your fighter power is about 380+ to both AS the boss and node R
|-|Land Base Defense=
*If you are playing hard mode, all the below mentioned are required are the same as before hand.
**Set-Up All 3 of your land base with Interceptors, Land Base Fighters, and any good fighter to get AS, this include the rocket interceptors that you may have obtained from ranking or from this event.
**Sortie an all submarine fleet to the map to save resources until the air raids trigger
**Be aware that you need Rocket Interceptors against High-Altitude Air Raids 
*** Without any interceptors you will only get 50% of your air power against high altitude bombers. 
*** With one interceptor you have a 80% air power vs. high altitude bombers
*** With two interceptor you have a 110% air power vs. high altitude bombers
*** With three interceptor you have a 120% air power vs. high altitude bombers
**For hard mode, it's '''highly recommended''' to max out your rocket interceptors to help make getting more easier.
|-|
</tabber>

Once completed, '''all ships will get an additional 1.07x damage modifer''' against the boss fleet in Node U and the 2nd starting point will be unlocked for your Carrier Task Force or Transport Combined Fleet to use.

===Part 4: Chip Anzio Hime until LD Range===
With all the before mentioned phases complete, you will now need to deplete [[Anzio Princess]]'s HP bar down till the final phase of the battle, until then no additional steps are required.

*Make use of CTF fleet as the path is much uses up less fuel and ammo.
*Route: '''Start Point 2-B-F-G-M-L-K-R-U'''
**Recommended Fleet: 2 BB, 2 CV, 1-2 AV, 0-1 CL + 1 CL, 2-3 DD, 2 CA, 0-1 CLT 
*Set up your fleet so that you can use Nelson Touch with AV in 3rd slot and CL in 5th slot for touch
**Have your AV,CL, and/or DD run with SPF, wg42, Kami Tank, Marine Daihatsu

*Land Base Recommendation
**Base 1: Range 7 Fighter, 3 LBAA Bombers
**Base 2: Range 7 Fighter, 3 LBAA Bombers
**Base 3: 4x Toukai or how much anti Sub planes you can use
***You are sending this base to Node F to deal with New Submarine Hime

Once you are able to deplete her to the final phase of battle you can then choose to continue on with the final debuff phase(which is recommended if you can complete all the requirements. Or attempt to try to defeat the boss without the debuff which is possible, but quite difficult.

===Part 5: Debuffing the Boss (once HP bar is within LD range ONLY)===
For the final debuff phase, several changes will occure across the map which will make the last part of the challenge difficult in some difficulties which will include: 

**Some enemy comps are locked into thier hardest compositions this mainly noted in Nodes F, G and K
**Some Air Battles are locked in thier hardest compositions.
** Hardest Air Raids locked in LD.

Preparations will need to be made to make sure you can complete all of the requirements needed for this phase if you choose to do it. Below is a listing of all the requirements you will need to complete based on difficulty.

{| class="wikitable"
! style="font-size:18px;"|Requirements
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node D
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node E
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node H
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node J
! style="font-size:18px;"|Node O
! style="font-size:18px;"|Land Base Defense
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Casual
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"|'''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"|'''A+ rank'''<br>'''{Single or TCF only)'''
|style="text-align:center;"|'''Not Required'''
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Easy
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''<br>'''{Single or TCF only)'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Normal
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''Not Required'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''<br>'''{Single or TCF only)'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|-
!scope="col" style="font-size:18px;"|Hard
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''<br>'''{Single or TCF only)'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''A+ rank'''
|style="text-align:center;"| '''AS Needed'''
|}

It should be noted that because hard mode has such a high AS requirement, you will need to carefully check to see if you can successfully achive it. Do note that:
*Train your Rocket Interceptors to '''Double Chevelon''' if you wish to have a chance to successfully get AS against the Land Base Bombing attack as it'll be almost impossible to achieve it otherwise.
*'''Note''' For Hard Mode, make sure your land base value to be at least 1365 for defense.
**Also take into account that your FP will be penalized against the new bombers if you have any fewer than 2 jet interceptors in your LBAS.
**With 2 jet interceptors, there is a slight bonus 1.1x multiplier instead.
** If your land base total Fighter Power for defense is below this value, ignore this debuff and disregard this part entirely.
** If your playing on Medium there will be a much easier restriction which should make AS achievable with far less effort.

From here on, we will cover the steps required for each step needed to complete each phase this part.


<tabber>
|-|AS Node D=
* Fleet: '''Single''' 2-3(F)BB(V), 3 CV
* Route: '''A-B-D'''
* Same Process as it was in Step 4.
|-|AS Node E=
* Fleet: 2-3(F)BB(V), 3 CV
*Route: A-B-D-E
*LBAS: - 2 Land bases consisting of 1 fighters/land base fighters and 3 Land Base Bombers and send to node E.
* Same Process as it was done in Part 2 of the steps.
|-|Node J=
* Fleet: '''Single Fleet''' 3(F)BB(V), 3CV
**Route: A-B-F-I-J
*LBAS: 2 Land bases consisting of 4 Land Base Bombers with a range of 8 and send to node J. 4 ASW Bombers on 1 base to Node F if possible.  
*For this requirement to be considered complete you will need to A+ rank it with a Single Fleet or a Transport Combined Fleet.
**If use Nelson Touch, use the Touch skill at Node I to make passing that node easier due to Summer Carrier Princess.
**Otherwise, if you can pass to Node J, then use Nelson Touch there to make it easier to get an A rank.
|-|Node H=
* Fleet: '''Surface Task Force''' 4 (F)BB(V), 1-2 CV/CVL, 0-1 CAV/AV + 1 CL, 1-2 CA, 1-2 CLT, 2-3 DD
**Route: A-C-F-G-H
* LBAS: 2 Land bases consisting of 4 fighter with a range of 7 to Node H, 1 Land base consisting of Toukai or ASW bombers to Node F if possible.
|-|Node O=
*Fleet: '''Surface Task Force''' 3 (F)BB(V), 1 CV, 2 CA(V)/DD/AV + 1 CL, 1-2 CA, 1-2 CLT, 2-3 DD '''(
*Route: A-F-G-M-N-O
*LBAS: Option 2: 1 Fighter, 3 bombers on 2 bases to Node O. 4 ASW Bombers on 1 base to Node F if possible.
*Same process as was done during Part 2. Reepat steps to succeed.
|-|Land Base Defense=
*If you are playing hard mode, all the below mentioned are required are the same as before hand.
**Set-Up All 3 of your land base with Interceptors, Land Base Fighters, and any good fighter to get AS, this include the rocket interceptors that you may have obtained from ranking or from this event.
**Sortie an all submarine fleet to the map to save resources until the air raids trigger
**Be aware that you need Rocket Interceptors against High-Altitude Air Raids 
*** Without any interceptors you will only get 50% of your air power against high altitude bombers. 
*** With one interceptor you have a 80% air power vs. high altitude bombers
*** With two interceptor you have a 110% air power vs. high altitude bombers
*** With three interceptor you have a 120% air power vs. high altitude bombers
**For hard mode, it's '''highly recommended''' to max out your rocket interceptors to help make getting more easier.
|-|
</tabber>

It should be noted that unlike previous event, this segment does not have any ding notification to tell you if you completed the objective. You will only get an indication where '''all requirements are completed.'''

When all conditions are met, you should get a voice line to play when the result screen come up. You should here the [[Anzio Princess]] shout, "Tch, What the hell?!" indicating you completed the entire debuff requirement.

Once you successfully completed this step the following debuff changes will be added:
*1.15x From all ships vs Anzio Princess and Anchorage Water Demon only)

===Part 6: Delivering the final kill against Anzio Princess===

*Same Fleet composition are Part 4
*Route: '''Start Point 2-B-F-G-M-L-K-R-U'''
**Land Base Recommendation
**Base 1: Range 7 Fighter, 3 LBAA Bombers
**Base 2: Range 7 Fighter, 3 LBAA Bombers
**Base 3: Range 7 Fighter, 3 LBAA Bombers '''or''' 4x Toukai or how much anti Sub planes you can use
***For the final kill you can decide it you want to risk the final run be removing your ASW fleet in favor of bringing more potential damage to the final boss's fleet for LD, keep in mind however the New Submarine Princess will still pose a high threat to your fleet in general if you choose this path. If you feel confident, you can choose to keep your 3rd base on ASW focus to minimize the threat from Node F.
*The most efficient way to handle the final battle is to have your main fleet be anti-installation focused while your escorts be combat and Torpedo Cut-in Focused. 
*Using Americans and British ships are highly recommended if you have any. Italian and German ships will also provide decent results in battle. 
*As per usual, [[Nelson]] is a top recommendation along with anti-installation focused AVs/CL/DD in slots 3 and 5 are recommended so that it'll be possible for your fleet to deliver a highly effective damaging attack against the installation units in the main group with Nelson Touch.
*Other Americans like Iowa can also be decent for battling some of the installations as well as the [[Anzio Princess]]
*CVs like [[Saratoga]], [[Intrepid]] and [[Ark Royal]] can also deliver benifical damage against both installations and the [[Anzio Princess]]
* Escort fleet should be composed of mostly if not all combat focused ships. 
* American and British ships that can Torpedo Cut in such as [[Fletcher]], [[Johnston]] and [[Jervis]] make strong units in night battle for picking off both the [[Anchorage Water Demon (Vacation Mode)]] and [[Anzio Princess]]
** [[Garibaldi]] or [[Duca degli Abruzzi]] can also work as efficent TCI ships, or back up anti-installation units.
**  Make sure to bring your night battle equipment such as the [[Night scout]], [[Star Shell]] and [[Searchlight]] to help turn the tied in night battle.
**While the [[Artillery Imp]]s and [[Supply Depot Princess (Vacation Mode)]] are weak to various anti-installation gear, the [[Anchorage Water Demon (Vacation Mode)]] is also quite vunerable to torpedo cut-ins. 
*With enough historical ships set up in main and escort, it should be very possible to score an easy victory against the boss fleet.
*If you choose to attempt this without completing the Step 5 Debuff, expect some effort to be needed along with the hope for a possible crit as it will be needed to successfully defeat Anzio Princess.
**If worse comes to worse, you can also resort to Friend Fleets once they are released.