==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Sandbox/Summer 2018 Event|Event Page Sandbox]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

===Totaku's Proposal===

E-2 Operation will involving organizing your fleet to complete 2 major task before completing the entire maps.

* Complete a Transport Operation
* Take out the [[Supply Depot Princess]] at Punket

'''Complete the Transport Operation'''

'''Fleet Recommendation'''

1CA, 1CAV, 1CL, 3 DD<br>
2DD, 1CA, 1CAV, 1CVL, 1FBB

'''Path: ''' A-C-D-F-G-I

If you are playing on a Medium of hard difficulty, consider using ships that can be good in both transports and Anti-Installation combat to help out with the fight.

As like most transport operations, you will need to organize a balance between transport supplies and Combat equipment. Since this operation will involve using a single fleet it's suggested to bring at most 4 [[Drum Canister]]s or [[Daihatsu]] (preferred). 

Your CAV should have at least 1 Seaplane Fighter to ensure that you'll gain air superiority (as the Transport boss has no air power)

While moving through the nodes, use the Vanguard formation to improve your chances of survival until reaching the boss node.

The boss fleet will consist of a [[Heavy Cruiser Princess]] along with a few CAs and DDs. Using an LBAS full of Land Base Bombers is recommended to take care of the enemies on this boss fight there fore the following LBAS should be considered:

'''Recommended LBAS'''

4 Land Base Bombers/ Torpedo Bombers

If your fleet is capable enough they should gain score consistent A or S ranks at the boss node clearing this map easily.

'''Defeating the [[Supply Depot Princess]]'''

'''Fleet Recommendation'''

1 CV, 1CA, 1CAV, 3 DD<br>
1FBB, 1CAV, 1CVL, 1CV, 2DD <br>
1 CV, 1 BB(V),1 CAV, 0-1 CL, 2-3 DD


'''Path: '''D-F-E-K-M-O

In this phase your fleet will need to be armed to deal with Anti-Installation combat since the main target the operation . Because of the high air power in K and O, you will need to have a Carrier that will be equipped with only fighters (some one that isn't [[Akagi]], [[Souryuu]], [[Hiryuu]], [[Shoukaku]] and [[Zuikaku]] is preferred since they're important for E-3)

If you bring a CV + CVL, then it can be possible to consider being torpedo bombers and Dive bombers, but keep in mind that the AA strength of the enemy will be powerful through the entire may and may destroy your planes. 

All your CA(V)s, and (F)BB(V) should be armed with [[Type 3 Shell]] to help battle against the [[Supply Depot Princess]] at the boss nodes.

For weaker FBBs you may consider AP shells if you need a way to pick off [[Artillery Imps]] if you're lacking in Anti-Installation gear.

As for your CL and DDs, use a combination of [[WG42]]s, [[Daihatsu]], [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)]], and [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]]s to stack up the multiplier you can do against Installations.

Do remember that:
* [[WG42]] can be stacked on one another
* Using 2 of the same Daihatsu type gear will not stack the multiplier (I.E. 2 [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]] will not boost it's effects)
*Using separate Daihatsu type equipment will add to the multiplier (I.E Using a [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]] and a [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)]] will add to the multiplier.

The most ideal set up for a very stong anti-installation attack from a DD is [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]], [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)]] and [[WG42]]. The more modified the equipment is, the stronger the results can be. 

Using this set up can be super effective in severely or instant killing the [[Supply Depot Princess]] in a single hit.

If you are lacking in some of the above mention gear for your CL/ DD consider spreading at least on of the above mention gear among your DD and CL and use 2 guns on them, while this set up isn't nearly as strong, it's will likely hit result in suitable damage against the boss.

On route to the boss use, [[Vanguard Formation]] to protect your fleet if you're using a more lighter fleet, but if you're using a more heavier fleet, using Line head can be a possible option.

There will be an Air Attack node with the [[Supply Depot Princess]] along with some [[Airfield Princess]], use daimond formation and if you bring a DD with AACI, your chances of survival should improve.

At the boss node, you will face the Vacation Mode [[Supply Depot Princess]] along with some [[Artillery Imp]]s, a DD and a transport. 

On Harder difficulties it's possible for an [[Airfield Princess]] to appear in the composition as well.

Using an LBAS with an effective set up can help clear out some of the enemies as well as the [[Artillery Imp]]s that may block your way.

'''Recommended LBAS'''

1 Fighter/Land Base Fighter, 3 Land Base Bombers/ Torpedo Bombers

Keep in mind that due to the presence of [[Artillery Imp]]s they may be able to knock out your LBAS's ranks easily and while this may not be a problem for farming or pre-final kill, the boss kill may present some problems as the being able to eliminate as many of the enemies as possible is needed to help improve your odds of success when delivering the final kill on the [[Supply Depot Princess]]

If an [[Airfield]] Princess is present on the final kill, try to make sure your fleet's air power + AACI is strong enough to wipe out all the bombers so you can fully disable her during day battle to make the fight easier and more possible to efficiently defeat the [[Supply Depot Princess]] once all enemy ships are eliminated.

Support Shelling fleets for both in-route and Boss node are recommend to ensure you will survive your trip and improve your odds of success.