==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Summer 2020 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

==DarkHeron's Proposal==
* This map only have 1 HP Bar and 1 boss to kill, however, the most tedious and longest part is unlocking the boss node itself and other gimmics before you can go and kill the boss
'''Phase 1: Gimmick'''
* S rank at Node L and N
** Use any fleet you need and make sure to have about 2-3 OASW and have 1-2 CV at most for clearing
** Use CV that are European or Unryuu class and save your stronger CV for later maps 
** Use Land Base with 1 fighter and 3 bombers for those 2 nodes and also support if needed.
*** Those 2 nodes are enemy combined fleet with mostly DD and Nus so Land base and/or Support is recommended. 
* AS Node B
** Make use of 1 Land Base with fighters and send them to node B
** Route: D-C-A-B
*** Use Submarine fleet here as none of these nodes are Surface Node and they wont damage your Subs
*** Uses of Sub with SPF combined with land base will help with Fighter Power
*** Note if you're on Med/Hard mode, using subs with spf might not be enough and will require you to run oasw and CV for the map
* AS Land Base Defence '''twice'''
** The easiest way to achieved this is to sortie 1 SS and go through the map with your land base on Air Defence 
'''Phase 1.5: Gimmick Cont, After you finished Phase 1 requirement'''
* S rank at Node R
** Use the fleet you use for AS Node B with more emphasis against surface ships to combat against the enemy combined fleet with Wo and DDs. 
** You can use 1-2 Fighter 2-3 Bombers to Node R here. 
* S rank at Node S
** Run a clearing fleet with OASW DD as Node V contains both SS and Surface Ships.
** You can make uses of Land Base with Toukai to go there
'''Phase 2: Chip Gotou Island Hime HP to LD'''
* Route: D-E-F-U-T-O
* Node O contains both surface ships and 2 subs in there along with the hime and 1 tsu class light cruiser
** The boss is a new Submarine type so plan your fleet around with lots of OASW in mind. 
** Use 2 toukai and 2 bombers is recommended to deal with both the submarine and the boss and surface ship at the same time
'''Phase 3: Debuff the boss'''
* Once you reach LD for the HP bar, there is the option to debuff the boss and while it's optional, it is however recommended to do so if you are planning to farm this map and/or want an easier time at the boss
* S rank node S twice
** Send Land Base to that node and choose to go S from Node U as it's a choice node
** You may use your boss killing comp
* Achive AS Land Base Defence '''twice'''
** Same strategy as when you did the Land Base Defense part for the Gimmick in Phase 1
'''The indication that the boss is debuffed is that the Hime will turn Blue instead of staying Red like how you would see in LD without the Debuff'''

After finishing the debuff use the same fleet you did for chipping and kill the boss and claim your rewards.

==Totaku's Proposal==

'''Preparation'''

'''The event is likely to have several shiplocks (E-1 to E-4 already contain 4 separate locks), please plan your locks carefully.'''

For this operation, you will be organizing a fleet to fight off against several carrier task forces and submarines along the way, however you will ultimately be fighting off against a submarine boss where you will need to use a strong ASW team to take her out.

The following things could be considered for this map:

# Do you have enough strong DD/ CL/ DE and equipment to bring into this map to do OASW?
# Do you have enough fighters/ interceptors to get AS across all conditions on the map?


* If you said yes to both, you are pretty much set for the event.
* If you said no to 1 you will need to construct some ASW equipment or consider training your ships, or consider lowering your difficulty.
* If you said no to 2 you may need to consider preparing a strong set of fighter planes or dropping difficulty.

Below is a list of all the historical ships that have relevance to the connection of I-47.

'''Ship Bonuses (Tentative)'''

''Known Bonus - Unknown connection''

* [[Ise]], [[Hyuuga]], [[Isuzu]], [[Yamakaze]], [[Satsuki]], [[Asashimo]]
** 1.2x bonus (All Nodes)

''Shima Fleet Bonus''

* [[Nachi]], [[Ashigara]], [[Aoba]], [[Kinu]], [[Abukuma]], [[Kasumi]], [[Hatsuharu]], [[Shiranui]], [[Ushio]]
** 1.25x bonus (All Nodes)

''Others Bonus''

* All DEs
** 1.25x

''Debuff bonus''

* All ships
** 1.08x extra once debuff steps are complete.

'''Some ships also have bonuses in later maps!''' [[Yamakaze]] is probably a safe choice to lock here. [[Isuzu]] can also be considered, but may be relevant to later campaigns in EO. Be aware things are subject to change once more information is available.

'''Phase 1: Eliminating enemy fleet around the Goto Island area (part 1)

In this phase you will need to complete a series of steps around the map to successfully open up a path way to the next phase of the operation. This will require you to organize a fleet which you can choose between using a single or combined fleet to complete the task.

Keep in mind however that it is '''entirely possible''' to clear this map using only a '''single fleet'''. So weigh your options carefully as you play through this map.

For the first step you will need to complete the following steps:

# Get AS on node B (Hard Only)
# Get S rank on Node N
# Get S rank on Node L
# Get AS on a Land Base Air Raid (Twice for Hard / Once for Normal)

'''Get AS on node B (Hard Only)'''

This path will have your fleet go through a series of air attacks and submarines. Overall you will need to set up a strong air defense and achieve strong air power. Using a combination of your LBAS along with a fighter mule of carriers should be enough to clear this task.
<tabber>
|-|Single Fleet Method=
* '''Route: D-C-A-B'''
* '''Composition: 1-2 CV(L), 0-1 BBV, 1 CL, 2-3 DD'''
* '''LBAS: 1 Base, 2 Range to node. (Both to node)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation: 1 Land Base, 2 Fighters, 2 Bombers'''
* Node C and B are air attacks bring a fighter mule team and an AACI ship to make the trip easier.
* Node A has subs, use ASW ships if necessary.
* An Airpower of 453 or higher is needed for AS on this node.
** Send youe land base directly to B to ensure your chances you AS this node.
|-| Combined Fleet Comp=
* '''Route: D-C-A-B'''
* '''Composition: CTF: 2CV(L), 0-4 XX + 1CL 2 DD 0-3XX '''
* '''LBAS: 1 Base, 2 Range to node. (Both to node)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation: 1 Land Base, 1 Fighters'''
* Node C and B are air attacks bring a fighter mule team and an AACI ship to make the trip easier.
* Node A has subs, use ASW ships if necessary.
* An Airpower of 453 or higher is needed for AS on this node.
** Send youe land base directly to B to ensure your chances you AS this node.
* Given the path you take, it's entirely optional to not bring a full fleet for this segment.
|-|
</tabber>

As a reminder, '''Single Fleet is the preferred method''' for taking care of this requirement, once you achive AS a ding sound should occur.

'''S Rank on Nodes L and N'''

This path will have your fleet go through a series of air attacks and submarines. Overall you will need a strong fleet that can tackle the combined fleet to make it easier to clear. Once again, '''this is preferred to be done with a single fleet''' if possible.

Below are the methods needed for each nodes:

'''Node L'''

<tabber>
|-|Single Fleet Method=
* '''Route: D-E-F-G-H-I-L'''
* '''Composition: 1-2 CV(L), 0-1 BBV, 1 CL, 2-3 DD'''
* '''LBAS: 1-2 Bases, 6 Range to node. (Both to node)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation: 1-2 Land Base, 2 Fighters, 2 Bombers'''
* Node H is an air attack bring decent air power and an AACI ship to make the trip easier.
* Node E has subs, bringing ASW isn't entirely necessary but may be needed.
* Node I will be a small surface fleet, consider vanguard formation.
* Node L will be a combined fleet consisting of 2 light carriers, 1 Heavy Cruiser, some Light Cruisers and a bunch of Destroyers.
|-| Combined Fleet Comp=
* '''Route: D-E-F-G-H-I-L'''
* '''Composition: CTF: 2CV(L), 1 BBV, 3 XX + 1CL 2 DD 3XX '''
* '''LBAS: 1-2 Bases, 6 Range to node. (Both to node)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation: 1-2 Land Base, 2 Fighters, 2 Bombers'''
* Node H is an air attack bring decent air power and an AACI ship to make the trip easier.
* Node E has subs, bringing ASW may be needed.
* Node I will be a small surface fleet, you may face issues with this node, but can bring an FCF to help pass the node should others take damage.
* Node L will be a combined fleet consisting of 2 light carriers, 1 Heavy Cruiser, some Light Cruisers and a bunch of Destroyers.
|-|
</tabber>

Overall the node is not difficult to clear and once done a ding sound will occur at your home port menu.

'''Node N'''

<tabber>
|-|Single Fleet Method=
* '''Route: D-E-F-G-K-N'''
* '''Composition: 1-2 CV(L), 1 CL, 3 DD''' (Fast Fleet)
* '''LBAS: 1-2 Bases, 6 Range to node. (Both to node)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation: 1-2 Land Base, 2 Fighters, 2 Bombers'''
* Node K is an air attack, bring decent air power and an AACI ship to make the trip easier.
* Node E has subs, bringing ASW isn't entirely necessary but may be needed.
* Node N will be a combined fleet consisting of 2 light carriers, 1 Heavy Cruiser, some Light Cruisers and a bunch of Destroyers.
|-| Combined Fleet Comp=
* '''Route: D-E-F-G-H-I-L'''
* '''Composition: 1-2 CV(L), 1 BBV, 3XX + 1 CL, 2 DD, 3 DD''' (Fast Fleet)
* '''LBAS: 1-2 Bases, 6 Range to node. (Both to node)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation: 1-2 Land Base, 2 Fighters, 2 Bombers'''
* Node K is an air attack bring decent air power and an AACI ship to make the trip easier.
* Node E has subs, bringing ASW isn't entirely necessary but may be needed.
* Node L will be a combined fleet consisting of 2 light carriers, 1 Heavy Cruiser, some Light Cruisers and a bunch of Destroyers.
|-|
</tabber>

Node is the same as Node L so once cleared as sound should ding as home port.

'''Get AS on a Land Base Air Raid (Twice for Hard / Once for Normal)'''

This step can be done entirely while your fleet is completing the other objectives across the maps. And if you have enough rocket interceptors it can be possible to clear this using a single LBAS. If for some reason you forget to do this. Bring a Single SS and run the map until the air raid commences.

* '''LBAS: 1-2 Bases, (Set on Air Defense)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation: 1-2 Land Base, 4 Fighters/ Interceptors.'''

Be aware that even though the game’s display does not show high altitude bombers on higher difficulties, it should be noted that the carrier planes are are treated as if they were high altitude bombers, so if you have interceptors take advantage of using them. 


Once you meet the requirements, a ding sound will occur at the homeport menu.

Once all conditions are met, a new series of nodes will open.

'''Phase 2: Eliminating enemy fleet around the Goto Island area (part 2)

In this phase you will need to complete a series of steps around the map to successfully open up a path way to the boss of the operation. This will require you to organize a fleet which you can choose between using a single or combined fleet to complete the task.

Keep in mind however that it is '''entirely possible''' to clear this map using only a '''single fleet'''. So weigh your options carefully as you play through this map.

For the first step you will need to complete the following steps:

# Get S rank on Node R
# Get S rank on Node S (Normal +)


'''Get S rank on Node R'''

This path will have your fleet go through a series of air attacks and submarines. Overall you will need a strong fleet that can tackle the combined fleet to make it easier to clear. Once again, '''this is preferred to be done with a single fleet''' if possible.

Below are the methods needed for each nodes:

'''Node R'''

<tabber>
|-|Single Fleet Method=
* '''Route: D-C-A-B-P-R'''
* '''Composition: 2 CV(L), 1 BBV, 1 CL, 2-3 DD'''
* '''LBAS:  Base #1, 2 Range to node. (Place on nodes C and A)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation:  Land Base #1, 4 Fighters'''
* '''LBAS:  Base #2, 3 Range to node. (Both on node P)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation:  Land Base #2, 2 Fighters, 2 Bombers '''
* Node C and B are air attack bring decent air power and an AACI ship to make the trip easier.
* Node A has subs, bringing ASW isn't entirely necessary but may be needed.
* Node P will be a small surface fleet, considered vanguard formation.
* Node R will be a combined fleet consisting of Standard and Light carriers carriers, 1 Heavy Cruiser, some Light Cruisers and a bunch of Destroyers. Node can be handled in a similar way like the previous node requirements
|-| Combined Fleet Comp=
* '''Route: D-C-A-B-P-R'''
* '''Composition: 2 CV(L), 1 BBV, 3XX + 1 CL, 2 DD, 3 XX’''
* '''LBAS:  Base #1, 2 Range to node. (Place on nodes C and A)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation:  Land Base #1, 4 Fighters'''
* '''LBAS:  Base #2, 3 Range to node. (Both on node P)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation:  Land Base #2, 2 Fighters, 2 Bombers '''
* Node C and B are air attack bring decent air power and an AACI ship to make the trip easier.
* Node A has subs, bringing ASW isn't entirely necessary but may be needed.
* Node P will be a small surface fleet, you may need to bring an FCF to help pull out heavily damage escort ships if they take damage since escorts will attack first.
* Node R will be a combined fleet consisting of Standard and Light carriers carriers, 1 Heavy Cruiser, some Light Cruisers and a bunch of Destroyers. Node can be handled in a similar way like the previous node requirements
|-|
</tabber>

Overall the node is not difficult to clear and once done a ding sound will occur at your home port menu.

'''Get S rank on Node S (Normal +)'''

This path will have your fleet go through a series of air attacks and submarines. You will ultimately have to fight a mixed fleet consisting of subs, destroyers and transport. '''A single fleet is required in this path.'''

* '''Route: D-E-F-G-H-S'''
* '''Composition: 2 CV(L), 1 BBV, 1 CL, 2-3 DD'''
* '''LBAS:  Base 1-2, 2 Range to node. (All on Node S)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation:  Land Base 1-2, 4 Bombers'''
* Node H are air attack bring decent air power and an AACI ship to make the trip easier.
* Node E has subs, bringing ASW is required.
* Node S is a mixed fleet, you will need a fleet that can take out subs with ASW while also taking out the surface ships.

As long as you bring DDs that can OASW and a fleet to attempt to fight any surviving surface ships following the LBAS air raid, completing this process should be simple.

Once done a ding sound will occur at your home port menu. When all conditions are met, the path to the boss is now open.

'''Phase 3: Sink the Gotou Islands Seabed Princess'''

In this phase of the operation you will need to organize a strong ASW single fleet that will be needed to take out the [[Gotou Islands Seabed Princess]]. You will not need air power, but you will need a suitable amount of LoS of 18 Cn1 (LoS might be lower if DEs are used [TBC]) to reach the boss. The fights will have you go up a new path where you'll have to pass through some surface ships. Depending on how you approach it you will need to go through T and possibly V to reach the boss depending on the comp. But depending on how difficult it is to take out the boss, you may need to depend on bringing a BBV to give you the edge you need to clear it.


<tabber>
|-| Light Fleet Method=
* '''Route: D-E-F-U-T-O'''
* '''Composition: 1-2CV(L), 1 CL, 3-4 DD/DE'''
* '''LBAS:  Base 1-2, 3 Range to boss. (All on Boss node)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation:  1-2 Land Base , 2 ASW Bomber 2 Bombers'''
* Node T is a light surface fleet you'll want to evade to prevent damage, use vanguard formation.
* Node O is a mix of subs and surface ships. You main objective will be to take out the [[Gotou Islands Seabed Princess]] so prioritize taking her out with ASW and depend on your LBAS to finish the surface ships.
|-|Heavy Fleet Method=
* '''Route: D-E-F-U-T-O'''
* '''Composition: 1BBV, 1 CL, 4 DD/DE'''
* '''LBAS:  Base 1-2, 3 Range to boss. (All on Boss node)'''
** '''LBAS Recommendation:  1-2 Land Base , 2 ASW Bomber 2 Bombers'''
* Node T is a light surface fleet you'll want to evade to prevent damage, use vanguard formation.
* Node V is a stronger mixed fleet you'll want to evade to prevent damage, use vanguard formation.
* Node O is a mix of subs and surface ships. Your main objective will be to take out the [[Gotou Islands Seabed Princess]] so prioritize taking her out with ASW and depend on your LBAS to finish the surface ships.
*Surviving the trip this route might be harder, but will allow a 2nd turn in ASW attacks
|-|
</tabber>

The  [[Gotou Islands Seabed Princess]] herself is a simple boss that can be beaten with a good set of ASW planes (or Toukai) and a strong OASW team of ships, if worse comes to worse and you cannot beat her, you can consider using the heavier ASW comp to get an extra turn in. However if the boss proves to still be difficult, you can resort to the debuff strategy listed below.

'''Phase 4: Debuff the Gotou Islands Seabed Princess (Optional)'''

If for some reason you are unable to defeat the [[Gotou Islands Seabed Princess]] you can consider completing the debuff phase which can be done on all difficulties. The steps required to complete this are as followed:

# Get the [[Gotou Islands Seabed Princess]] to Last Dance
# Get AS at your Land Base Twice
# Get S rank on Node S Twice

For these steps you can review the process from Phase 1 and Phase 2 that provide clear these steps. Once these conditions are complete, the princess will be debuffed and all ships will get a 1.08x modifier against her.

From there, proceed back to the previous phase and finish off the boss.

Once the [[Gotou Islands Seabed Princess]] is defeated the operation is considered complete.