==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Summer 2020 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

'''Desired Deadline: 12/18/2020 Midnight'''


=Partial Guide (Boss 1 & 2) by Memetails=
*Feel free to edit, but please leave a note here on which Phase was edited
===Edits===
Addition to the general guidelines re high altitude bombers.

==General Guidelines==

E4 is a multi-phase map consisting of two TP Phases followed by a final HP Phase, including unlocks for second and third boss as well as an unlockable shortcut. 3 Bases of LBAS Support are available to you on this map. Fairly certain that the Airstrike on the airbases is with high altitude bombers.

==Map Phases Breakdown==

==Phase 1: Clear the TP Gauge==

3 Submarines Princess at once! Wowee Zowee!

<tabber>
|-|Transport Combined Fleet=
* Recommended Fleet: (1BBV+CVL 4DD CL) + (1-2CL 4-5DD)
* Route: D-E-F-G-I-K-P-Q
* LBAS: Range 6 (Q), No Airpower on boss Node
* Notes:
** Bringing a BBV instead of CVL will give you a second shelling phase, which may be desired to deal with the high HP on the submarines.
** If aiming for S-Rank victories, you may need to balance your ASW gear and Transport Equipment between the Main and Escort fleet. The Main Fleet will get a second Shelling phase, but the escort may have to attack at night and can damage submarines at night in a Combined Fleet.
** AACI to deal with the Airstrike is recommended.
** OASW is strongly recommended, there is the potential for 3 submarines princess at the boss and 2 sub-nodes enroute.
** There is no Airpower on the Boss, but 2 Air Raid nodes enroute.
** LoS requirement is around ~23 for guaranteed routing. Random between 16-23.
|-|(Fast) Single Fleet=
* Recommended Fleet: 0-1CVL 0-1CL 4-6DD
* Route: D-E-F-H-I-M-P-Q
* LBAS: Range 6 (Q), Range 5(Q), No Airpower on boss Node
* Notes:
** Faces 3 sub-nodes and 1 surface battle enroute
** Avoids any Air Raids so you can equip purely for ASW and Surface Combat
** Sending 1 base of bombers to M should let you pass the surface battle more consistently with more ASW gear
** Limited number of attacks on the boss and will likely struggle to reach S-Ranks
** OASW is extremely recommended
** There is no Airpower on the Boss, a single Seaplane-Fighter is sufficient to acquire AS
** LoS requirement is around ~16.
</tabber>

==Phase 2: Unlock Second Transport==
*Obtain AS at node K x1
** The same fleet as the Phase 1 TCF comp can be used. Load full fighters where capable.
** Loading your LBAS with fighters and doing a fighter sweep may be required to obtain AS.
*Obtain AS at node A x2
**Any comps can reach, just load up on fighters.

==Phase 3: Second Transport Phase==

AA go 'Pew'.

===Transport Combined Fleet===
* Recommended Fleet: (2AV 4DD) + (1-2CL 0-1CA 3-5DD) or (AV CAV 4DD) + (1-2CL 4-5DD)
* Route: D-C-B-A-R-S-U-V-W
* LBAS: Range 6 (W), Range 5 (U), No Airpower on boss Node
* Notes:
** Bring any (F)BB(V) or CV(L/B) will offroute you
** There are 4 Air Raids and 1 Surface Battle enroute to the boss.
** It's possible to achieve AD on the Air Raids with enough Seaplane-Fighters (~200 Air Power)
** AACI to deal with the Airstrike is highly recommended.
** Sending LBAS to the Boss will likely result in them being shot down.
** Send a single base of bombers to U to help pass to the boss.
** The boss has a ~1/3 change of Vanguard formation, likely forcing a night battle to obtain even A-Rank victories.
** The boss has 295 armor, plan accordingly.

==Phase 4: Unlock Final Boss==

==Phase 5: Unlock Shortcut==

==Phase 6: Final Boss==


==Totaku's Proposal (With some bits taken from Memetales)==

* Guide in current form will be constructed using known data collected from KC Piro Nav, experience and data from other player that had been checked across discord. Feel free to edit/merge/update accordingly and maybe leave a note of the changes thanks!

==Preperations==

If you successfully completed up to E4 and have plans to take on hard mode a few important steps need to be considered for this set. You will need a sizeable crew of both Japanese and American ships to take on the map and because of multiple location, bonuses will vary between ship so please be sure to have ships that will take on different responsibility to complete the operations on this map.

This will include the following thing:

* Organizing a strong ASW Fleet
* Have ships that can provide Anti-Air Coverage/ AACI
* A sizeable crew of ships that can take on transport operations
* Enough Land Base Planes that you can switch and organize to do various tasks ranging from ASW, Air power, Land Base Air Defense and Bombings.
* A strong crew of ships that can provide strong surface combat
* A team of ships that can perform TCI

All of these combinations should provide you what you need to complete this map.

Below is a list of questions you should ask yourself before considering hard mode for the final map:

#Do you have a team of OASW capable ships which may include ships like OASW Japanese DDs, American DDs and DE?
#Do you have a CVE/AV/LHA ([[Shinshuu Maru]] preffered) that can be used as a fighter mule during the transport segments?
#Do you have ASW capable planes that can be used in your land base to attack submarines at the boss node?
#Do you have planes that can provide strong air power to help you achieve AS on air nodes?
#Do you have enough bombers that can be used upon 2-3 land bases?
#Do you have enough land base fighters / interceptors and rocket interceptors to protect your land base efficiently?
#Do you have enough ships that you can set up a team of 2-3 TCI units?
#Do you have [[Atlanta]]?
#If not, do you have at least 2 Akizuki / Fletch class DDs that can provide strong AACI?
#Do you have a sizeable crew of American BBs, CVs, and DDs?
#Do you have Special attack battleships like [[Nagato]], [[Mutsu]], or [[Nelson]]?
#Do you have ships that are historically related to the Spring Breeze, Operation Ta-Go and nearby forces invovled in the campain (Check historical list for details)

If you said yes to most of the questions, you should be prepared to handle the map, otherwise reevaluate your fleet to see if you can actually do the map or consider lowering difficulty.

<omitting from guide due to length, but will keep for personal use>

==Historical stuff==

(Insert Echo's history buff chart here or whoever makes it)

==Phase 0 (Basic Land Base Defense (Optional))==

While getting ready to run your LBAS, you can opt to build one of your LBAS (in this example of the guide the 3rd one) with the purpose of Land base defense. You can techically do most of the segments up to fighting the final boss with no more than 2 land bases. This in turn will minimize the loss of your resources but because it won't be enough to fully prevent loss in rank, be aware that your land base may began to loose rank slowly over (Primary in your rocket interceptors)

So it's up to your if you want to use this method, but you are free to use your land base for the offensive purpose if necessary. If so, you can opt to set up a similar set up as shown in the phases along the way. By around Phase 6 and 8, you'll be using your LBAS to the fullest extent against the last boss.

<ommiting from guide for length, proposed to just recommend an optional section in each LBAS recommendation>

==Phase 1: Spring Breeze Convoy (1st TP Phase)==

In this phase you'll be performing a transport operation while also protecting your fleet from some air strikes that will occur along the way. As long as you have a fleet with good ASW, AACI, capable of transporting supplies and a land base that can support your while taking out the enemy ships and subs, the phase should be simple to complete. 

The boss will mainly include a Submarine princess accompanied by other subs or sub princesses, and other small surface ships. A simple method of following some of the methods in composition requirements and notes should defeat the boss easily.

Below are the following comps you can consider for clearing this:


<tabber>
|-|Transport Combined Fleet=
* '''Recommended Fleet:'''' 1BBV/CVL/AV, 1CL/CAV/LAH, 4DD + 1 CL, 2-5DD, 0-3 DE)
* '''Route:''' {{MapRoute|D|blue|E|blue|F|red|G|red|I|red|K|red|P|Green|Q|red}}
* '''LBAS:'''All Land Base Bombers/ ASW Bombers in Land Base 1-3
* '''LBAS:''' All fighters / interceptors on Land base 3 (Optional, but recommended)
**  '''Range:''' 6 (Node: Q), No Airpower on boss Node
* Notes:
** Bringing a BBV instead of CVL will give you a second shelling phase, which may be desired to deal with the high HP on the submarines.
** Bringing [[Harukaze]] as flagship in the main fleet will give your entire fleet a 1.15x bonus to damage against enemy fleets. If you have her, consider using her in that position.
** DEs and American DDs are effective to due to their bonus and can be considered for this phase.
** If aiming for S-Rank victories, you may need to balance your ASW gear and Transport Equipment between the Main and Escort fleet. The Main Fleet will get a second Shelling phase, but the escort may have to attack at night and can damage submarines at night in a Combined Fleet.
**Alternatively you use a CVL, your main ship, you will likely have your main fleet focus on transport while escort will concentrate ASW with possibly one ship focusing on combat in hopes of scoring an S rank.
** AACI to deal with the Airstrike is recommended.
** OASW is strongly recommended, there is the potential for 3 submarines princess at the boss and 2 sub-nodes enroute.
** There is no Airpower on the Boss, but 2 Air Raid nodes enroute.
** LoS requirement is around ~23 for guaranteed routing. Random between 16-23.
|-|(Fast) Single Fleet=
* Recommended Fleet: 0-1CVL 0-1CL 4-6DD
* Route: {{MapRoute|D|blue|E|blue|F|red|H|red|I|red|M|red|P|Green|Q|red}}
* '''LBAS:'''All Land Base Bombers/ ASW Bombers in Land Base 1-2
* '''LBAS:''' All fighters / interceptors on Land base 3 (Optional, but recommended)
**  '''Range:''' 6 (Node: Q), No Airpower on boss Node
**  '''Range:''' 5 (Node: M), No Airpower on boss Node
* Notes:
** Faces 3 sub-nodes and 1 surface battle enroute
** Avoids any Air Raids so you can equip purely for ASW and Surface Combat
** Sending 1 base of bombers to M should let you pass the surface battle more consistently with more ASW gear
**Alternatively Vanguard can be considered for Node M to attempt to pass while conserving LBAS support for the boss node.
** Limited number of attacks on the boss and will likely struggle to reach S-Ranks
** OASW is extremely recommended
** There is no Airpower on the Boss, a single Seaplane-Fighter is sufficient to acquire AS
** LoS requirement is around ~16.
</tabber>

Once this TP gauge is completed, the next phase will commence and you will need to unlock the path to the next area.

==Phase 2: Unlocking the path to Ormoc Bay==

In this phase you will need to complete two requirements (or less depending on the difficult) Unlocking only is only required for Hard and Normal. Any player playing on a difficulty lower than this can skip this step all together. Below are the listed requirements:

*Score AS on Node K (Hard Only)
*Score AS on Node A (2x on Hard, 1x on Normal)

Below will be a simple guide for each node:

<tabber>
|-|Node K=
* Recommended Fleet: Transport Combined Fleet -(1BBV/CVL, 1CL/CAV/AV/LAH, 4DD + 1 CL, 2-5DD, 0-3 DE
* Route: {{MapRoute|D|blue|E|blue|F|red|G|red|I|red|K|red}}
* LBAS: Range 5 (K), 166 AD/ 331 AP /744 AS under hardest composition
** All Land Fighters in Land Base 1-2 (3rd LB with same set up optional)
* Notes:
** BBV/ CVL and CL/CAV/AV/LAH should be all fighters, preferably the strongest you have
** All methods to reach the node are simlar to phase 1.
** Under weaker comps it can be done with mainly two land bases
|-|Node A=
* Recommended Fleet: Single Fleet 4CV
* Route: {{MapRoute|C|blue|B|red|A|red}}
* LBAS: Range 3 (A) 166 AD/ 331 AP/ 744 AS under hardest composition
** All Land Fighters in Land Base 1-3 (Optional)
* Notes:
** This phase is one of the few times it might be good to organize you carrier fleet you'll be using for the later phases.
** Load all fighters on Carriers
** This should be achievable without using a Land base, so you can opt to put your land base on rest
</tabber>

Once all conditions are met the path to the 2nd TP area will be unlocked.

==Phase 3: Operation Ta-Go (2nd TP Phase)==

In this phase, you will be using your Transport Combined fleet once more to complete another transport operation going to Node W node. This phase will put you against lots of airwaves which you must successfully pass in order reach the battle of surface ships before reaching the transport drop off point.

For this phase members of the Operation Ta-Go ships will be useful in helping you complete this phase and can help you clear the phase quickly (See historical ships for details)

As of current, no LoS is known for the path to the boss and appeared to be linked to ship types.

The boss will consist of a [[Destroyer Forest Princess]] that will be accompanied by 2 Tsu-class and 3 Na-class DDs which two are capable of opening torpedo attacks on hard. Usage of land base bombers and TCI can help with securing victory here in later phases.

As of current the following composition is known:

* '''Recommended Fleet:''' Transport Combined fleet 0-1 CAV/LHA([[Shinshuu Maru]]), 0-2 AV/CL, 4DD + 1-2 CL, 0-1 CA, 4-5 DD
* Route: {{MapRoute|D|blue|C|blue|B|red|A|red|R|red|S|red|U|red|V|green|W|red}}
* '''LBAS:''' All Land Base Bombers on Land Base 1-3 (Land Base Recon Optional)
* '''LBAS:''' All Fighters / Interceptors on Land Base 3 (Optional, but recommended)
** '''Range:''' 5 (Node U Land Base 1) 
** '''Range:''' 6: (Node W Land Base 2-3)

* Notes:
** Bring any (F)BB(V) or CV(L/B) will offroute you
** You will be limited to 1 CA(V) in your entire fleet, any more will off route. 
** There are 4 Air Raids and 1 Surface Battle enroute to the boss.
** AACI to crucial for to surviving the air nodes, bring [[Atlanta]] or 1-2 AACI ships to ensure that AACI will proc to improve you chances of survival.
** Main Fleet DDs should mainly focus on transporting supplies
** It's possible to achieve AD on the Air Raids with enough Seaplane-Fighters (~200 Air Power)
** Node U will consist of Light cruisers and DDs that may pose a problem with passing depending on the formation.
** Send a single base of bombers to U to help pass to the boss.
** Sending LBAS to the Boss will likely result in them being shot down.
** The boss has a ~1/3 change of Vanguard formation, likely forcing a night battle to obtain even A-Rank victories.
** Boss Support is recommend to make A ranks and S ranks more possible.
**Organizing some ships in escort for TCI may help with clearing for S rank.

Once you complete the TP phase, you will then unlock the final boss phase and then process to look into unlocking the path.

==Phase 4: Unlocking the path to the last boss==
In this phase you will completing a few task to unlock the way to the final boss. They will consist of the following steps:

* Get AS on Land Base Defense Twice on Hard, Once on Normal
* S Rank Node X2 (Hard - Easy, Casual unconfirmed)

The process to doing this step can be done as followed:

<tabber>
|-|Land Base Defense = 
Recommended Land Base: 2-3 Land Base with Fighters / Interceptors and Rocket Interceptors

* You can run a single sub on the map until a land base air raid triggers
* If your on hard mode the air raid will be given the '''High Altitude Bomber buff''' making it hard to take down without rocket interceptors. 
* If required on lower difficulties, you will not need rocket interceptors as much to clear.

|-| Node X2 =

* '''Recommended Fleet:''' STF - 2 (F)BB(V), 2 CA(V), 1 CV, 1 CL + 1 CL, 0-1 CLT, 4-5DD
* '''LBAS:'''  Set on Rest unless set on Air Defense
* '''Path:''' {{MapRoute|D|blue|C|blue|B|red|A|red|R|red|X1|blue|X2|red}}

* Notes:
**Arm fleet with Anti air guns or Skilled lookouts to take out PT Imps
** Bring strong Air power and perform AACI  to make passing the air nodes easier

<br>
X2 is just 3 PT imps a CL and 2 DD. All which can be passable, as long as you have a way to dispatch imps, getting an S ranks easily.
</tabber>

Once all conditions are met, the path to the boss will be unlocked.

==Phase 5: Unlocking the shortcut (X2 to Y6)==

In this phase, your fleet will need to complete a list of tasks in order to unlock the shortcut that will allow you you to take node Y6.

These tasks will include the following:

* S Rank Node Q
* S Rank Node W
* AS Rank Node Y2
* S Rank Node Y3
* A Rank Node Y5
* Land Base Air Defense once (Hard Mode Only)

Below will be the a guide on how to complete each task:

<tabber>
|-| Node Q= 
* Recommendation: Refer to Phase 1 TCF Fleet Comp and Land base recommendation.
<br>
In this phase you can focus more heavily on trying to S ranking the boss node by bringing a balance of OASW and surface combat ships. Since you'll likely kill the subs before taking out the surface ships.
</br>
<br>
The Hardest ships to eliminate will be the Tsu-class flag. Which may last to night battle. The best you can do is hope you can successfully take out the ship and then achive an S rank.
|-| Node W=
* Recommendation: Refer to Phase 3 TCF Fleet Comp and Land base recommendation.
<br>
In this phase you can focus more heavily on trying to S ranking the boss node by bringing both strong historicals and TCI historical.
</br>
<br>
As before bring Land Base Bombing to Node U and Node W and boss support to make it easier to secure the an S rank. Be warned however that if the enemy comp appears in Vanguard formation unless you are able to successfully take out the DD in the land base and boss support, you may need to redo until you are successful.

|-| Node Y2= 

* '''Recommended Fleet:''' CTF - 2 (F)BB(V), 4 CV(B) + 1 CL, 1 CLT, 4 DD (Fast optional)
* '''LBAS:''' 1-2 Land Base set to Node Y2 (Range 3)
* '''Path:'''{{MapRoute|D|blue|C|blue|B|red|A|red|R|red|X1|blue|X2|red|Y1|red|Y2|red}} (Can bypass B with Fast Fleet)
* Air power is need around 868 to achive AS
* Node will consist of strong air power, bring enough air power the following LBAS air sweeps that you cn achive AS.
* Can be done in conjunction with Y3 and Y5.

|-| Node Y3=

* '''Recommended Fleet:''' CTF - 2 (F)BB(V), 4 CV(B) + 1 CL, 1 CLT, 4 DD (Fast Fleet)
* '''LBAS:''' 1-2 Land Base set to Node Y3 (Range 3)
* '''Path:''' {{MapRoute|D|blue|C|blue|B|red|A|red|R|red|X1|blue|X2|red|Y1|red|Y2|red|Y3|red}} (Can bypass B with Fast Fleet)
* Land base should consist of Fighters and Land Base Bomber
* Enemy fleet will consist of a combined fleet that will have mostly Light Carriers, light cruisers and destroyers
* Fleet should be overall beatable if you bring good airpower and a good combat fleet
* Speed modding will be important to conserve on resource spent trying to reach here and especially Y5.
* Can be done in conjunction with Y3 and Y5.
* In route support is highly recommended to pass the complete the requirement.
|-| Node Y5=
* '''Recommended Fleet:''' CTF - 2 (F)BB(V), 4 CV(B) + 1 CL, 1 CLT, 4 DD (Fast Fleet)
* '''LBAS:''' 1-2 Land Base set to Node Y5(Range 2)
* '''Path:''' {{MapRoute|D|blue|C|blue|B|red|A|red|R|red|X1|blue|X2|red|Y1|red|Y2|red|Y3|red|Y5|red}} (Can bypass B with Fast Fleet)
* Land base should consist of Fighters and Land Base Bomber
* Enemy fleet will consist of a beefed up combined fleet that will have a Standard Carrier, some Light Carriers, light cruisers and destroyers, some which will have opening torpedo capabilities.
* Fleet will require some effort to beat, be sure you bring good air power and a good combat fleet
* Speed modding will be important to conserve on resource to have the ability to fight the fleet here.
* Can be done in conjunction with Y2 and Y3.
* In route support is highly recommended to pass the complete the requirement.
* A rank minimum is required for this segment
|-| Air Defense=

Recommendation: Refer to Phase 4 Air Defense
<br>
Process to get AS should be the same as previous phase.
</tabber>

Once all the conditions are met, you will then be able to unlock the shortcut to take a faster route to the boss.

==Phase 6: Fighting the Abyssal Bamboo Princess==

In this phase, you will need to organize a powerful fleet to attack the main abyssal forces. This will require you to carefully construct a fleet that with of the land base can successfully fight the main fleet while also achieve AS against the enemy fleet. For now the most efficient way to do this is through chipping away at the Abyssal Bamboo Princess until she is at the final kill.

On Hard mode, the Abyssal Bamboo Princess will have a fleet that will be strong and mainly consist of 2 CV Princess Kai, 1 BB Water Oni, 2 Ne Elites along with a Tsu-class a Ne-class, 4 Na-class DD two which are capable of opening torpedo strikes. This boss fight will be notably hard. But if you have Touch base attacks, crits, a good land base and the ability to get AS, you should be able to successfully be able to have a chance at doing damage to the boss let alone possibly sink her.

There are several methods to do this, but one method can be considered effective for chipping.

* '''Recommended Fleet:''' STF - 3 (F)BB(V),1 CV,1 CAV/AV, 1 CL + 1 CL, 1 CLT, 4DD
* '''Path:''' {{MapRoute|D|blue|C|blue|B|red|A|red|R|red|X1|blue|X2|red|Y6|blue|Y3|red|Z|red}}
* '''LBAS''' All 3 LBAS using fighters and Land Base Bombers
** LBAS 1 - Node Y3 (Air Power: 174 AD / 347 AP / 780 AS)
** LBAS 2-3 - Node Z (Air Powe r: 132 AD / 263 AP / 591 AS)

* Notes:
* Using the mentioned composition will ignore fast requirements allowing more flexibility for your ships.
* Airpower is still notably heavy, consider bring an AV/CAV as a fighter mule.
* AACI is important for passing the nodes along the way
* In route Supportable may be suitable for helping you pass Y3 since that node may pose a potential problem.
* Boss support is highly recommended
* Historical Japanese and American ships are needed along with ship types to maximize the damage bonus that can be done at the boss node.
* Use special attack battleships like Nagato or Nelson are considered vital to helping you wipe out some of the powerful main fleet ships.
* Do what you can to clear out as many opening torpedo DDs before the start of the fight.
* No matter what, the Abyssal Bamboo Princess will always have the ability to launch an opening torpedo strike from the main fleet. Meaning as the fight begins, it's almost certain one ship will be damaged by here at the start.
* Organizing TCI ships in escort can help you do serious damage of successfully eliminate the princess if your lucky enough to aim for her.

Once you reach LD, read the next phase to help you prepare do that you can deliver the final blow.

==Phase 7: Debuffing the Abyssal Bamboo Princess on Last Dance==

With our fleet now entering the LD Phase, enemy comps will become increasingly difficult across the map. You will need to adjust accordingly to make it easy to clear the requirements but on the most part, the process is the same.

These tasks will include the following:

* AS Node K Once
* S Rank Node W Twice
* AS Rank Node Y2
* S Rank Node Y3
* A Rank Node Y5
* Land Base Air Defense once

Below will be the a guide on how to complete each task:

<tabber>
|-| Node K=
* Recommendation: Refer to Phase 2 TCF Fleet Comp and Land Base Recommendation
<br> 
Pretty much the same method as before hand, may need an additional land base if too difficult to AS.
|-| Node W=
* Recommendation: Refer to Phase 3 TCF Fleet Comp and Land base recommendation.
<br>
In this phase you can focus more heavily on trying to S ranking the boss node by bringing both strong historicals and TCI historical.
</br>
<br>
As before bring Land Base Bombing to Node U and Node W and boss support to make it easier to secure the an S rank. Be warned however that if the enemy comp appears in Vanguard formation unless you are able to successfully take out the DD in the land base and boss support, you may need to redo until you are successful.

|-| Node Y2= 

* '''Recommendation:''' Same Fleet comp and land base requirement as phase 5

<br>Should be mainly the same so it should be easy to AS.

|-| Node Y3=

* '''Recommendation:''' Same Fleet comp and land base requirement as phase 5
* Use your 3rd base if nessary with simlar comp as mentioned in phase.
* In route support is highly recommended to pass the complete the requirement.
|-| Node Y5=

* '''Recommendation:''' Same Fleet comp and land base requirement as phase 5
* Use your 3rd base if necessary with similar comp as mentioned in phase.
* In route support is highly recommended to pass the complete the requirement.
* S Rank now required, so hopefully you can achieve an S rank victory if you are fortune enough.
|-| Air Defense=

Recommendation: Refer to Phase 4 Air Defense
<br>
Process to get AS should be the same as previous phase.
</tabber>

Once all the conditions are met, the princess will now become weaker to all attack targeting her (1.07 -1.15x bonus.

==Phase 8: Finishing the Abyssal Bamboo Princess==

For the final sequence, the [[Abyssal Bamboo Princess]] will become harder due to the fact she will now have more Princess types in her fleet and may include stronger variants which on hard includes a Ne Kai, 4 Na-class Flagships with opening torpedo capabilities. For this sequence you'll need to pull out all the stops to ensure that the boss can be taken down.

As of current tactics used to beat her involve using either Surface Task Force or Carrier Task Force. Careful planning must be taken to make the most out of the fight.

<tabber>
|-|Surface Task Force=
* '''Recommended Fleet:''' 3 (F)BB(V), 1 CV, 1 CAV, 1 CL/AO + 1 CL, 1CLT/CAV, 4DD
* '''Path:''' {{MapRoute|D|blue|C|blue|B|red|A|red|R|red|X1|blue|X2|red|Y6|blue|Y3|red|Z|red}}
* '''LBAS:''' Land Base Fighters and Bombers 1-3
* '''LBAS Distribution:''' Land Base 1 Node Y3  (Range: 2) 174 AP /347 AS/ 780 AS (Optional)
* '''LBAS Distribution:''' 1-3 Node Z (Range: 3) 132 AP /263 AS/ 591 AS (Preffered)

* If the comp uses 2 CL and 4 DD in the combined fleet, you will not need a fast fleet
* Y3 might be a hard to pass without the use of a land base in that node
* If possible send all land bases to the boss node (Z) to maximize your chances of taking out the boss.
* AS will require a set of fighter mules among your CV and seaplane carrying ship
* Using [[Ise|Ise Kai Ni]] and [[Hyuuga|Hyuuga Kai Ni]] can allow you to opt to bringing in more fighter power to free up your carrier so they can perform attacks.
* Special attacks can be more wildly among [[Nagato]], [[Nelson]] and [[Colorado]].
*Due to the difficulty of this map, using [[Colorado]]'s special attack can be effective, but difficulty to pull off due to it's strict conditions. Use at your own discretion.
* [[Nagato]] and [[Nelson]] are preferred due to their flexibility and ease of access.
* Units use to accompany the attacks should be American BBs and/or [[Ise|Ise Kai Ni]], [[Hyuuga|Hyuuga Kai Ni]] , and/or [[Haruna]].
* Escort fleet should be TCI focused as you will need to hope they will score a lucky shot at the boss in order to kill her.
* Use star shells, searchlights and a night plane to maximize your chances at scoring the kill on the boss
* As before, historical ships tied to Americans, Ormoc Bay and such are the key to success
* AO is also optional to consider if you want to bring extra fuel and ammo to the boss node as it may turn the tied of battle. Be aware of thier brittle armor, damecon/goddess may be needed to ensure they make the journey. 
*Boss and in route support is highly recommended
|-|Carrier Task Force=

* '''Recommended Fleet:''' 2 BB, 2 CV, 1 CAV, 1CL + 1 CL, 1CA(V)/CLT, 4 DD (Fast)
* '''Path:''' {{MapRoute|D|blue|C|blue|A|red|R|red|X1|blue|X2|red|Y6|blue|Y3|red|Z|red}}
* '''LBAS''' Land Base Fighters and Bombers 1-3
* '''LBAS Distribution:''' 1-3 Node Z (Range: 3) 132 AP /263 AS/ 591 AS 

* Send all land bases to the boss node (Z) to maximize your chances of taking out the boss.
* AS will be easy to achieve across the key areas of the map (Y3 and Z)
* Special attack will be limited to using [[Nagato]]/[[Mutsu]]
* [[Nagato]] / [[Mutsu]] will need to be speed modded to take the most efficient route.
* Equipment setup for them should be Main gun, Surface Radar, and AP shell along with the boiler and turbine.
* Units use to accompany the attacks should be American BBs or [[Mutsu|Mutsu Kai Ni]].
* Escort fleet should be TCI focused as you will need to hope they will score a lucky shot at the boss in order to kill her.
* Use star shells, searchlights and a night plane to maximize your chances at scoring the kill on the boss
* As before, historical ships tied to Americans, Ormoc Bay and such are the key to success
*Boss and in route support is highly recommended
</tabber>

With an enemy fleet composed of now all heavily armored units and up to 5 opening torpedo units (which one is not killable at the start of battle) your fleet will need to put everything they got into this section to pull out victorious. Hope that all your main attacks, special attack, land bases and support fleet hit accordingly as you will need to get access to the boss fleet in night battle in hopes of successfully scoring a kill against the boss. TCI CLs and DDs will be your main hope for success on this map. If all goes well, there will be a chance you'll be able to finish off the boss ending the battle.

Once you are able to successfully kill the [[Abyssal Bamboo Princess]] the event will be considered complete.