==Phase 2: Unlocking (Hard Mode Only)==

As part of the requirements to unlock the path to the boss you will need to clear Node F and with an S rank. This can be done Phase 1.

* Composition: N/A

* Route: A-B-C-E-F, F is a submarine Node

You will also need an S rank from Node M, this condition will likely be met with the completion of phase 1. 

Once the conditions from phase 1 and 2 are met the path to the boss node is open.

==Phase 2: Defeating the [[Abyssal Kurile Island Princess]]==

In this phase the enemy fleets are not much different so much of how you handled phase 1 can be done here, but without the transport equipment. However depending on the difficulty, you may need to bring different comps if you wish to take different paths. List below are a few comps that are notablly effective:

<tabber>
|-|1-2 CL ,0-1 DE, 4-5 DD Comp=
* Route: ''' A-B-C-E-F-N-T (Casual - Normal) or A-B-C-E-F-O-R-Q-T (Hard) '''
* Node F and R being a submarine Node, and Q and N being light surface engagements, use Line abreast and vanguard respectively.
* Los needed to reach node the boss node for Hard is 29 (Cn2)
* TCI and/or historical bonus ships (like Ushio and Akebono) may be needed to defeat the boss at higher difficulties.

|-|1CA, 1CL 4DD Comp=
* Route: ''' A-B-C-E-F-N-T (Casual - Normal) or A-B-C-E-F-O-R-Q-T (Hard) '''
* Node F and R being a submarine Node, and Q and N being light surface engagements, use Line abreast and vanguard respectively.
* Los needed to reach node the boss node on Hard is 29 (Cn2)
* Allow for a stronger fleet output, but otherwise TCI and/or historical bonus ships (like Ushio and Akebono) may be needed to defeat the boss at higher difficulties.
|-|
1CL 4DD Comp=
* Route: ''' A-B-C-E-F-N-T (Hard)
* One of the few comps that can take an quick shortcut on hard difficulty
* Los needed to reach node the boss node for Hard is 29 (Cn2)
* TCI and/or historical bonus ships (like Ushio and Akebono) may be needed to defeat the boss due to having only 5 ships.
|-|
1CL 3DD 2DE Comp=
* Route: ''' A-B-C-E-F-N-T (Hard)
* Currently the only comp to allow 6 ships to travel the short cut to the boss node.
* Los needed to reach node the boss node for Hard is 29 (Cn2)
* Depending on the level of your DEs and their ASW level, it may be possible to kill the boss's submarine on line ahead in most confrontations allowing for better damage.
* TCI and/or historical bonus ships (like Ushio and Akebono) may be needed to defeat the boss
|-|
</tabber>

Defeating [[Abyssal Kurile Island Princess]] should be simple in most casse if you remember to bring historical ships and a good TCI unit. At 590 HP and 200 Armour on hard mode she is quite tanky and is being escorted by one submarine, but the rest of her escort is not threatening as they mainly consist of only destroyers. Having an OASW ship or two can wipe out the sub easily before the battle begins as you will need to focus on wiping out her escort fleet before night battle while using the double line formation. In addition, with her tanky armor, she will need a strong attack to take her down. So if you have historical ships like [[Ushio]] and [[Akebono]] present it should make it more likely to finish her off.

While it is not necessary, if for some reason she provides difficulty in clearing, you can resort to supporting shelling to make it more easy to win.