==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Summer 2020 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

Projected deadline for Initial guide: '''May 25th, 12:01 JST'''

===DarkHeron's Proposal (Consolidated guide from various source)===

===General Guideline===
E4 is a long and complex map compared to the previous maps in the Main Operations. There are a total of 4 main phases/bosses and 4 different tags in this map, although 2 tags are shared with other maps:
*Teal (Striking Force)
*Red (TCF)
*Blue (CTF; shared with '''E2-2''')
*Green (STF; shared with '''E5-2''').

===Phase 1: Defeat Lycoris Hime===
This phase will pit you against Lycoris and Supply Depot Hime. The key to successfully clearing this phase is to bring lots of anti-installation equipment to kill the boss as quickly as possible. The route you take will pit you against 2 ASW Node and 2 Air raid node. Make sure you have adequate AACI, ASW, and anti-installation equipment to tackle this phase. 
* Composition: Strike Force Fleet with 7 ships: 2CA(V), 1-2 CL, 3-4 DD '''OR''' 0-1 AV, 2-3 CA(V), 1 CL, 2-3 DD (Teal Tag)
**A fleet with AV will off-route to {{MapRoute|J|blue}} which is a repair node. 
**You can also route to {{MapRoute|J|blue}} if you have 3 CA(V)
* Route: {{MapRoute|B|red|D|red|E|red|G|red|I|red|L|red}} with 0 AV or less than 2 CA(V)
** {{MapRoute|B|red|D|red|E|red|G|red|I|red|J|blue|L|red}} with 1 AV or 3 CA(V)
* LBAS: Range 8 AP/AS: 264/594 ('''HARD''')
* Note: It is recommended that you use a LBAS with toukai in order to help increase your passing rate through the node contain submarines. Split the strike between node {{MapRoute|B|red}} and {{MapRoute|E|red}} as they contain 
*LoS Requirement: About '''Cn3 56+/42+/38+/32+''' is required on '''Hard/Medium/Easy/Casual''' to route from {{MapRoute|I|red}} to {{MapRoute|L|red}}.
** LOS requirement for if you are using the AV or 3 CA(V) method is about: '''Cn3 60+/45+/40+/40+''' is required on '''Hard/Medium/Easy/Casual''' to route from {{MapRoute|I|red}} to {{MapRoute|J|blue}}

===Phase 2: TP Phase===
* Composition: Transport Combined Fleet (TCF): 1 CVE, 1 AV/CL 4 DD + 1-2 CL, 4-5 DD '''FAST Fleet''' (Red Tag)
* Route: {{MapRoute |Q|red|Q2|red|S|red|T|blue|U|red|V1|green|V|red}}
* LBAS Range: 4 No Airpower at the boss. You will be facing 3 Air raid total on the way to the boss
* Note: It is essential to have AACI as you will be passing through the air raid node and make sure your CVE, AV have lots of air to counter the air raid node along the way
** Bringing a CA in your fleet will off route you to another combat node along the way.
** Bring at least 1-2 DDs capable of equipping full anti-installation set-ups as they will be needed for unlocking purposes later on.

===Phase 2.5: Unlock Node Y===
There are 4 different requirements in order to unlock Node Y for Phase 3: Defeat Jellyfish Hime
* AS Node {{MapRoute |O|red}}
* S rank {{MapRoute |W|red}} twice
* S rank {{MapRoute |X|red}} twice
* AS LBAS Defense
<tabber>
|-|Node O=
* Composition STF: 3(F)BB, 1 BBV/CVL 1-2 CA(V), 0-1 CL + 1-2 CA(V), 1-2 CLT, 1 CL, 2-3 DD (Green tag)
* Route: {{MapRoute |M|red|O|red}}
* LBAS: Range = 4
* Note: You will plan to lock for your P4 and E5 fleet for this segment. Mule your CV and CAV to achieve AS otherwise, bring an LBAS with fighters to help with the node also.
** A full fleet is not strictly necessary for this part; a skeleton fleet with sufficient FP to achieve AS will also suffice.
|-|Node W=
* Composition TCF: 0-1 CVE, 0-1 CL, 0-1 CAV/AV, 4 DD + 1-2 CL 4-5 DD (Red Tag)
* Route: {{MapRoute |Q|red|Q2|red|S|red|T|blue|V3|red|W|red}}
* LBAS: Range = 5
* Note: The node composes of Supply Depot Hime in the main fleet and PT Imp pack following in the escort fleet. It is highly recommended to bring along Nuke setup (Kami Tank, WG42, and Type 89 Daihatsu with Medium tank) in the main and escot fleet and HA gun/AA guns / skilled lookout to kill PT imp in the escort.
|-|Node X=
* Composition Strike Force: 1 CL, 4-6 DD (Teal Tag)
* Route: {{MapRoute |B|red|D|red|E|red|X2|red|X|red}}
* LBAS: Range = 5
* TCI may be considered for taking out the Light Cruiser Princess, preffeably with someone you already locked on this fleet.
</tabber>

{| class="wikitable" 
|-
! Node
! O
! W
! X
! Land Base
|-
| Hard
| AS
| S x2
| S x2
| AS x2
|-
| Medium
| AS
| A+
| A+
| AS
|-
| Easy
| AS
| A+
| A+
| -
|-
| Casual
| -
| A+
| A+
| -
|}

===Phase 3: Defeat Jellyfish Hime===
* Composition CTF: 2-3 CV(B), 0-1 CV(L), 2-3 CA(V), 0-1 CL + 1 CA, 1 CLT, 1 CL, 3 DD (Blue tag). Maximum of 3 CV(B/L) can be use in the fleet.
* Route: {{MapRoute |B|red|C|blue|F|red|Y1|red|Y2|red|Y|red}}
* LBAS: Range = 7 AP/AS 280/630 ('''HARD''')
* Note: This phase features a lot of air spreading throughout the route getting to the boss and fighting Jellyfish Hime herself. Make sure you have plenty of air and AACI DD to help make this phase easier.
**Tag is shared with E2 Phase 2 (blue).

===Phase 3.5===
This phase is '''ONLY REQUIRED ON HARD''' to unlock the last boss of this map. All other difficulties can skip this phase altogether. For this phase, you are required to S rank {{MapRoute |L|red}}
* Composition: Use the same fleet you used in Phase 1 with the strike force fleet. 
* Route: {{MapRoute |B|red|D|red|E|red|G|red|I|red|L|red}}
* LBAS: Range = 8

===Phase 4: Defeat New Southern Battleship Hime===
* Composition STF: 2-3 (F)BB, 0-1 BBV or CVL (2 CVL), 1-2 CA(V), 0-1 CL + 1-2 CA(V), 1-2 CLT, 1 CL, 2-3 DD (Green locks)
* Route: {{MapRoute |M|red|O|red|Z1|red|Z2|red|Z|red}}
* LBAS: Range = 8 AP/AS: 176/396 for '''Hard'''
* Note: This phase lock will be reused in E5 for Phase 2. You have the option to bring Nelson or Nagato and make use of the touch mechanics here.


===Debuff Phase===
You can do all these steps in any order. There are 5 requirements that must be met once Last Dance threshold has been reached:
* AS LBAS Defense Once
* S rank node {{MapRoute |I|red}}
* AS at node {{MapRoute |G|red}}
* S rank at node {{MapRoute |L|red}}
* A rank at node {{MapRoute |Y|red}}
* S rank at node {{MapRoute |Z2|red}}
{| class="wikitable"
| Node
| I
| G
| L
| Y
| Z2
| Land Base
|-
| Hard
|-
|}