==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Sandbox/Summer 2018 Event|Event Page Sandbox]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

==Totaku's Proposal==

'''Regarding the Northern Forces and 5th Fleet'''

In this operation you will be using the 5th Fleet along with the northern forces which are considered important for the operation as they will all have special buffs on this map since it takes place in the Northern Pacific. As such, most of the ships that have benefits are from the members of the 5th fleet and Russians as they are as follows: 

'''5th Fleet - Northern Division'''

'''[[Nachi]], [[Ashigara]], [[Kiso]] , [[Tama]] , [[Abukuma]], [[Kasumi]] - 1.1x'''

'''Russians'''

'''[[Verniy]], [[Tashkent]], [[Gangut]] - 1.15x'''

The Majority of this fleet is considered fine to use here if necessary, but some ships like [[Kasumi]] and [[Abukuma]] are considered more vital for the '''Pearl Harbor Operation''' so please consider who you bring before you go into this map as they can be more helpful in the later operations.

'''Objective'''

In this operation, you will be conducting the 2nd AL operation and will be deployed to conduct a distraction up in the North. In order to successfully complete this operation, you will need to complete the following tasks:

* ''' Defeat the [[Heavy Cruiser Princess]] and her Fleet.'''
* '''Opening up the passage from near Kiska to allow for a Shortcut (Starting Point 2)'''
* '''Attack and defeat the [[Little Northern Princess]]'''

''' Defeat the [[Heavy Cruiser Princess]] and her Fleet.'''

'''Recommended Fleet'''

'''Surface Task Force'''<br>
'''2(F)BB, 2 CA, 2 CVL + 1 CL, 2 CA, 1 CLT, 2DD''' (5th Fleet and Russian members recommended)

'''Path'''

(Slow Fleet method)<br>
'''B-C-F-I-L-M'''<br>
'''B-C-F-I-K-L-M'''<br>
'''B-C-F-K-L-M'''

(Fast Fleet method)<br>
'''B-F-I-L-M'''<br>
'''B-F-I-K-L-M'''<br>
'''B-F-K-L-M'''

'''Recommended LBAS'''

''' Boss LBAS Run'''<br>
'''LBAS 1 and 2'''

'''1 Fighter / 3 Land Base Bomber ''' Distance of 7 needed'''

In this operation phase, you'll be facing off against mostly enemy fleets with some light carriers in tow. So bringing sufficient fighter power will be needed to ensure your survival. 

*For higher difficulties, you may need to use either equipment consisting of 1 Torpedo bomber, 1 Fighter bomber, 2 Fighters or have one of you CVLs be a complete fighter mule depending on how you approach the map.

Most of the ships that are considered important for this operation will also be '''slow ships''' which will affect your routing making you run into addition nodes along the trip. So in order to successfully complete this map, additional measure may need to be taken such as:

* Using Boilers and Turbines, to help with[[Improving your Ship Speed]] and make everyone go fast
* Use Fast only ships
* Simply accept the slow path and fight along the way.

You will also get to choose a path along the way where you'll get to face off an against air node featuring the [[Little Northern Princess]] and her land base group attacking your fleet from the distance (Node I) or go up against a surface fleet (Node K). Keep in mind that on this path there will be a risk and reward depending on the approach you take:

* Node I have a 50% chance of routing to K or L
* Going from I to L will only consume 5% fuel and ammo
* Going from I to K to L will consume 25% of your fuel and ammo
* Going from K to L will consume 20% of your fuel and ammo

Each route has it's own risk and reward to how well you survive, but otherwise, going through node I in hope of bypassing K may be worth the risk to save on extra fuel and ammo to get the best out of your fleet by the time your reach the boss node. 

Node L will be a fight against some Ta-class Battleships along with a Nu-class Light Carrier which your fleet will need to overcome prior to fighting the boss fleet. 

Once you reach the boss fleet you'll fight off against the '''Heavy Cruiser Princess''' who will be in a combined fleet. Most of her combined fleet will have some simple light weight ships along with a CVL in tow. Since the air power won't be too significant, you can use an LBAS consisting of mostly Land Base Bombers (see recommended LBAS). Also bring Boss support is recommended.

Keep in mind however that on '''Hard Mode''' you will face a vastly improved version of the '''Heavy Cruiser Princess''' which will have much higher combat capabilities and higher armor to making successfully defeating her much harder to do. Having someone that can hit close to 300 cap and likely do crits will be the key to successfully defeating her on hard if you get her HP low enough.


Once defeated, the path to the [[Little Northern Princess]] will open.

'''Opening up the passage from near Kiska to allow for a Shortcut (Starting Point 2)'''

To get the best possible way to reach the [[Little Northern Princess]] your fleet will need to be able to complete a few objectives to get gain access to the 2nd Starting point which includes:

* Successfully Intercept the Base Air Raid
* Gain AS+ at Node E
* Gain AS+ at Node I
* S Rank Node O

''' Successfully Intercept the Base Air Raid'''

'''LBAS 3'''

'''4 Interceptors / Fighters''' (Air Defense)'''

If you have enough good interceptors this can be done easily on it's own especially while you clear the first part as it will count to the requirements

'''Gain AS+ at Node I'''

'''Surface Task Force'''<br>
'''2(F)BB, 2 CA, 2 CVL + 1 CL, 2 CA, 1 CLT, 2DD'''

'''Recommended LBAS'''

'''LBAS 1'''

'''4 Fighters''' (Distance of 5 needed)


'''Path'''

'''A-F-I'''

Arm your CVLs with your best fighters and use an LBAS with fighters along with an AACI DD to get an easy AS+ thus completing the requirement.

'''Gain AS+ at Node E'''

'''Carrier Task Force'''<br>
'''(F)BB, 2 CA, 1 CV 2 CVL + 1 CL, 2 CA, 1 CLT, 2DD'''

'''Recommended LBAS'''

'''LBAS 1'''

'''4 Fighters''' (Distance of 5 needed)


'''Path'''

'''A-D-E'''

Process is the same as prior method, should be completed the same way.

'''S Rank Node O'''

'''Carrier Task Force'''<br>
'''(F)BB, 2 CA, 1 CV 2 CVL + 1 CL, 2 CA, 3DD'''

'''LBAS 1-2'''

'''4 Torpedo Bomber / Land Base Bombers ''' (Distance of 6 needed)

'''Path'''

'''A-D-E-H-J-P-O'''

This will require your fleet to travel through several battles and will require a considerable amount of effort to complete due to the air raid nodes and node that contain carriers. If needed, be sure to bring a In-Route support fleet to help you successfully get to the node more safely. Once you reach node, the fleet will consist of some Ru-classes along with a CVL and some DDs. All which should be easily killable with the support of an LBAS. 

Once you complete all the requirements, the 2nd starting point and the short cut will be open.

'''Attack and defeat the [[Little Northern Princess]]'''

For this segment, you will need to consider what kind of fleet you will use for this phase. As there will be several ways you can approach tackling the boss in question. How you approach it and what you bring can be a decisive factor on how well the battle goes for you. 

Below are 2 of the most used methods:

'''Surface Task Force Method'''

'''Surface Task Force'''<br>
'''1(F)BB,1 AV, 1 CL 1 CA, 2 CVL + 1 CL, 2 CA, 1 FBB, 2DD'''

'''Path'''

'''S-H-J-P-O-R'''

'''Strengths'''

*Can reliably use their combat capability to knock out installations efficiently with proper equipment setups. 
*Can bring many members of the 5th Fleet and Russians to further buff your combat performance.

'''Weakness'''

*Node J and O can present possible issues since your fleet will mainly be anti-installation geared (In-Route support recommended to counter this problem)

While this fleet will be strong against the boss fleet, getting to the boss may present a serious issue. Bring in-route support to help your fleet survive the trip against the carriers and battleships you'll face along the ways.


'''Carrier Task Force Method'''

'''Carrier Task Force'''<br>
'''1 AO, 1 CL 1 CA, 1CV, 2 CVL + 1 CL, 2 CA, 1 FBB, 2DD''' (Fast Fleet)<br>
'''1 AO, 1 CL 1 CA, 2CV, 2 CVL + 1 CL, 2 CA, 3DD''' (Fast Fleet)

'''Path'''

'''S-H-J-P-R'''

'''Strengths'''
* Will bring more Air power to the boss node
* Will have more Fuel and ammo at the boss node (if you can make the whole fleet fast)
* Will allow for Carriers (with proper equipment) to attack installations
* May be a good alternative if you lack enough anti-installation gear.

'''Weaknesses'''
* Without an all fast fleet this composition is less effective compared to STF.
* Carriers may not deliver nearly as effective damage against some installation types (and will be rendered useless without the proper plane set ups)
* May not have an overall hard hitting anti-installation unit

If you can make your oiler and other slow ships faster with turbines and boilers, it'll make it possible for your fleet to go the fastest possible route to the boss node allowing for a harder hitting crew to be available. This can be a good alternative to the other composition if you lack in enough anti-installation gear. As it can bring a capable fleet to the boss.

'''Dealing with the [[Little Northern Princess]]'''

'''Recommended LBAS'''

'''LBAS 1-2'''

''' 1 Land Base Fighter/Carrier Fighter + 3 Land Base Bombers ''' (Distance of 7 needed)

This fight will have you (depending on the difficulty) be pitted against an entire land base enemy unit in which the main group will consist of almost entirely of installations consisting of [[Artillery Imp]]s, [[Supply Depot Princess]]es, and an [[Airfield Princess]]. While the escort fleet will have smaller ships and possibly [[PT Imp Group]]s.

Use an LBAS consisting of mainly bombers and a little bit of Fighter power to clear out as many of the installations and other smaller units you can. As taking them out will help with making it more possible to concentrate your attacks on the installations. 

In addition, in-route and boss support is highly recommended to ensure your safety to the boss and to further knock down the boss's units.

A key thing to remember about this battle will be to ensure your chances of success are great, a couple of things should be considered when arming your ships:

* DD with AA guns and [[Skilled Lookouts]] are effective against PT imps
* [[Artillery Imp]]s are weak to '''AP Shells''', [[WG42]]s and [[Daihatsu]]/Tank based weapons like [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)]], [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]]
* [[Supply Depot Princess]] are weak to all Anti-installation equipment thus using a mixture of [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)]], [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]] and [[WG42]] can be super effective against her
* [[Airfield Princess]] is mainly weak to [[Type 3 Shell]]s and [[WG42]]
* [[Little Northern Princess]] is mainly weak to [[Type 3 Shell]]s and [[WG42]]

By keeping these factors all in mind you can organize a fleet of ships that can be balanced out to help assist with taking out installations some note worthy ones to consider for this map can be:

*[[Commandant Teste]] using a mixture of [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)]], [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]] and [[WG42]]
*4 slot CLs like [[Ooyodo]], [[Gotland]], [[Yuubari]] which can hit hard with using 2 WG42 and 2 guns
*[[Verniy]] and [[Tama]] armed with [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)]], [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]] and [[WG42]]
*[[Tashkent]] armed with 2 guns + 2 [[WG42]]
*[[Nachi]], [[Ashigara]] and [[Gangut]] armed with [[Type 3 Shell]]s.

Using members like these here and having the appropriate gear the key to victory as it will otherwise hard to take out most of the installations in battle without the right equipment. Other things to note regarding the fight includes:

* Players on lower difficulties will likely have easier installations and less of them to take down along with less demanding restrictions. 
* If you use a Carrier fleet, you will need to bring Torpedo bobmers and/or specific dive bombers that can work against installations such as [[Ju87C Kai]], [[F4U-1D]], [[Prototype Nanzan]] and [[Suisei Model 12 (634 Air Group w/ Type 3 Cluster Bombs)]]
* Using certain key ships like [[Gangut]] or [[Tashkent]], who has a higher damage modifiers toward the bottom of your escort fleet, may also be key to your victory

Repeat until the [[Little Northern Princess]] has been fully defeated on final kill to complete the operation.