==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Sandbox/Summer 2018 Event|Event Page Sandbox]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.


===Totaku's Preliminary Guide Proposal===

'''Important Notice: '''

'''The Following map will can be taken advantage of using European ships (Italians), please read all the information carefully from E-4 and E-5 before weighing your options for who to use for this map as playing on E-5 Hard will have additional locks which you'll need enough European ships to complete the map on Hard.'''

In this Operation you will need to complete a series of steps which will involve doing various tasks based on Ooyodo's notes in order to complete this operation, these include the following:

# Complete a transport Operation to drop of '''transport supplies to North Africa (Node K) (And fight the [[Battleship Summer Princess]] (Node L)''') 
# Gain Control of the Harbors in Naples ('''Node O - [[Harbor Summer Princess]]''')
# Eliminate the Submarines to the West ('''Node R''')
# Gain Control of the Supply Depot in Taranto ('''Node S - [[Supply Depot Princess]] (Vacation Mode) (Optional, but recommend)''')
# Gain Control of the Docks at Genova and eliminate the '''[[Dock Princess]] (Node U)'''

You will also have '''3 LBAS available''' for this map but can only use 2 of them. If you are playing on Normal or Hard difficulty, you will need to set up your 3rd LBAS to do Air Defense again enemy air raids that will attack your base. 

''LBAS Recommendations'''

'''LBAS 3 - 4 Interceptors or 3 Interceptors + 1 [[Saiun]]'''

'''Transport Operation to North Africa'''

'''Recommended Fleet'''

'''Option 1: Transport Combined Fleet - ''' 1 CVL (CVE), 1 CL, 4 DD + 1 CL, 1 CA, 4 DD <br>
'''Option 2: Single Fleet - ''' 6 DD

'''Path: - D - H - I - K - L'''

As like most [[Transport Operation]]s, it's recommend to organized a fleet that can care a health balance of combat gear and Transport equipment to help complete the operation

The major things to remember when playing this map is the advantages and disadvantage of each of the fleet

'''Transport combined Fleet'''<br>
* '''+''' Will deplete transport gauge faster
* '''-''' Will however use more ships that will be tagged to this map 
* '''-''' May present possible accuracy issues and take possible damage, when fighting [[PT Imp Groups]] in Node D

'''Single Fleet''' <br>
* '''+''' Can use '''[[Vanguard Formation]]''' to evade attacks
* '''+''' Will allow you to use less ships to complete the operation
* '''-''' Will deplete TP Gauge a little slower
* '''-''' May present possible issues over at Node I due to lack of Air power if you use an all DD group

Which ever fleet type you choose be sure to remember the following:

* With a Transport Combined Fleet, you can use the main fleet to carry lots of [[Daihatsu]] and [[Drum Canister]] while your escort fleet can focus on combat.
* With a single fleet, you will need to be careful how you organize your fleet so they can meet both LoS requirements and bring still care some transport goods and reach the boss node to fight and at least secure an A rank.

Since you'll face PT imps along the way to the boss, consider bringing AA guns if you use a transport combined fleet or use Vanguard to survive the torpedo attacks. 

The node with the Carrier should be manageable with a CVL in a transport combined fleet, while with a single fleet you may need to vanguard you way to survive the battle. 

Once you reach the boss you'll face the [[Battleship Summer Princess]] who will be in a combined fleet. 

Depending on the difficulty she may or may not have an additional Battleship Princess during the battle, but since her entire fleet will lack in any air power, gain air superiority should be easy if you bring a CVL in your fleet, and should allow you to use a full on LBAS bomber unit to attack the boss at full force making gaining an A rank easy to do and might open for a chance for an S rank as well.

'''LBAS Recommendations'''

'''LBAS 1 & 2 - 4 LBAS Bobmers / Torpedo Bombers (Distance of 6 Required)''' 

Repeat until you successfully deplete the TP gauge which will then open up the 2nd starting point which will allow for your single fleet to do the next objectives.

With your new starting point, you will now proceed to launch an attack on Naples (Node O) and some submarine to the West (Node R)

'''Gain Control of the Harbors in Naples (Node O - [[Harbor Summer Princess]])'''

'''Recommended Fleet: Single Fleet - 2 FBB, 3 DD, 1 CV'''

'''Path: J - Q - P - O'''

In this fight, you will need to organize a fleet that can specialize in Anti-Installation Combat while maintaining strong air power as you will be going through a series of carrier battles + an air strike before reaching the boss. Bringing an AACI DD can help with clearing out some of the planes in the air attacks improving your chances of survival.

In addition to this, you may want to also bring some AA guns to help with dealing with PT imps at the Target node.

Node O will have a [[Harbor Summer Princess]] along with some CVL and some [[Artillry Imp]]s and [[PT Imp Group]]s, bringing and LBAS with a good mixuture of fighters and bombers can help reduce the air power along with allowing your bombers to bomb effiecently against the enemies present at the node. If all goes well it can be possible to wipe out the imps before the fight commences making for an easier chance at successfully completing the objective. 

'''An A rank is needed at minimum to complete the requirement.'''

'''LBAS Recommendation'''

'''LBAS 1 - 2 Fighter/ LBAS Fighters + 2 LBAS bombers (Distance 6 Needed)'''
'''LBAS 1 - 1 Fighter/ LBAS Fighters + 3 LBAS bombers (Distance 6 Needed)'''

'''Eliminate the Submarines to the West (Node R)'''

'''Recommended Fleet: Single Fleet - 2 FBB, 2 DD, 2 CV/CVL'''

'''Path: J - Q - R'''

For section, you may not need your LBAS here so consider putting them on standby or evacuate from the land base to protect them from possible damage on higher difficulties.

If possible, consider bringing your ASW CVL you may have used on the transport phase along with some pre-ASW DD and bring enough air power to overcome the air attack. Once you reach the node R, you'll have a small group of submarines to take out. All which should be easily beatable with your Pre-ASW DDs.

'''An A rank is needed at minimum to complete the requirement.'''

'''Once both Node R and O are successfully completed the path to Node S and the Boss node (through Node T) will be open'''

'''Gain Control of the Supply Depot in Taranto (Node S - [[Supply Depot Princess]] (Vacation Mode) (Optional, but recommend))'''

'''Recommended Fleet'''

'''Surface Task Force - '''2 (F)BB. 3 CA, 1 CVL + 1 CL, 5 CL

'''Path:''' A - B - D - E - F - G - S

Once again, your fleet will need to be organized to do another Anti installation assault against the [[Supply Depot Princess]] at Taranto (Node S). So remember to bring [[Type 3 Shell]], AP Shells, [[WG42]], various Daihatsu equipment and [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]]s. Using a CVL will help you by pass the Carrier Summer Demon so that you can have your LBAS focus on concentrating all thier attacks on Node S. 

Outside of the sub fight at the start, the rest of the battles should be straight forward as you make your way to the target node. Boss itself will be a combined fleet consisting transports, destroyers, some Artillery Imps, Airfield Princesses and the Supply Depot Princess. With some decent air power and some strong LBAS you shouldn't have much of a problem wiping out the smaller units along with possibly eliminating some of the [[Artillery Imps]] and weaken down some of the installations. 

'''LBAS 1 - 1 Fighter/ LBAS Fighters + 3 LBAS bombers (Distance 5 Needed)'''
'''LBAS 2 - 4 LBAS bombers (Distance 5 Needed)'''

If possible try to eliminate at least 8 out of the 12 units to successfully score an '''A rank'''.

Once this condition is complete an alternative path to node U (Re-class Route) is then open.

'''Gain Control of the Docks at Genova and eliminate the '''[[Dock Princess]] (Node U)'''

'''Recommended Fleet Composition:''' 2 (F)BB(V), 1 CV, 1 CA, 2 DD 

'''Path:''' J - Q - W - V - U

'''Recommended Fleet Composition:''' 6 SS

'''Path:''' J - Q - T - U or J - Q - P - T - U (Depending on how many [[WG42]] and [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]] you bring

During the final part of the operation, your fleet will have over come a series of air waves to reach the boss node and you will need a decently strong air power Carrier to help you pull through. If possible, consider CVs like [[Saratoga]] or [[Kaga]] for this operation (with the former being good to utilize with Night Planes). You Fleet will need to traverse through some carrier attacks, air strikes, and a node to fight against a [[Battleship Re-class]]. During these fights, take advantage of the Vanguard formation to hope that the enemy fleet rolls an echelon formation to maximize your chances for survival. 

Alternatively you can consider using an all Submarine fleet on this map to go through a path where you may face only some DDs and Tsu-class CLs that may pose a treat to your submarines. If you are able to by pass this you can reach the boss to easily chip away at her HP and can also be used to farm for [[Gotland]] on hard mode. 

At the boss node you will face the [[Dock Princess]] who will be accompanied by a Supply Depot Princess, a few destroyers, and a PT Imp.

During the normal phases, she will have very little air power making it possible to launch a full scale bombing strike from your LBAS making it very possible to wipe out most of the enemies at the start of the fight. However the boss is also very armored and may be difficult to break through on higher difficulty. However the [[Dock Princess]], while she is a Destroyer by code, is treated more like an installation. So the most effective means to take her down will be to use Anti-Installation Equipment. 

'''LBAS Recommendations'''

'''LBAS 1 & 2 - 4 LBAS Bobmers (Distance of 8 Required)''' 

So using CA and BBs with Type 3 shells can help and having DDs armed with the ideal combination like [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]], [[Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines)]] and [[WG42]] can be used to help brake through her armor.

Other effective means can be using a Torpedo cut in DD with [[WG42]] to magnify the damage.

However, the most effective way to defeat the boss is by bringing in Italian ships to help aid in battle as they are giving a bonus modifier to thier attacks which can help them get through the boss's armor more efficiently.

The following modifiers are confirmed to through tests against the [[Dock Princess]]:

* Italian Ship: 1.2
* Type 3 Shell: ~1.428
* Type 2 Ka-mi Tank: 1.31 ~ 1.51
* Type 2 Ka-mi Tank (+max): 1.7 ~ 2.16
* Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines): 1.37 ~ 2.18
* Daihatsu-class Landing Craft (Type 89 Medium Tanks & Marines) (+max): 1.25 ~ 2.02
* Daihatsu: (+6): 1.22 ~ 2.11
* 11th Tank Regiment: 1.64 ~ 1.86
* WG42: 1.46 ~ 1.47
* 11th Tank + WG42 + Kami: 2.24 ~ 2.30
* 11th Tank + WG42 + Kami (+max): 2.94 ~ 3.17

By using a combination of this equipment and Italian ships you can easily meet the requirements to take down boss with a well place crit. 

On final kill, the armor of the princess will increase along with much tougher DD variants and a CVL appearing in the fleet. You can continue to use the same LBAS set up as before to deliver a devastating blow, however you are at risk of possibly losing rank during this since the CVL may be capable of destroying your planes. So if necessary retrain planes rank to improve crit chances. 

Outside of this, the boss is mostly the same and with a strong well place crits and either using Italians or proper Anti-installation equipment it may be possible to take down the princess. If you also use Italians remember that you can limit them so that only Gotland's European Fleet can come in to aid you or Des Div 31 in night battle. 

And for additional note to hard mode players, '''please be careful how many Italian ships you use as you may need to use them towards the final map.'''

'''Approved due to Time constraints'''