==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct their own version of their guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Sandbox/Summer 2018 Event|Event Page Sandbox]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

==Grunilg's Proposal, hijacked by Solo, also piggybacked by Totaku==

'''Locking Recommendation'''

On Hard difficulty, several considerations should be taken into account (as these will also affect your potential options for E-3, the final map).

# Do you have [[Nagato|Nagato K2]], [[Mutsu|Mutsu K2]], and/or [[Nelson]]?
# Do you have the majority of Allied ships, i.e. [[Nelson]], [[Iowa]], [[Saratoga]], [[Jervis]], [[Warspite]], [[Ark Royal]], [[Intrepid]], [[Johnston]], and [[Fletcher]]? ([[Richelieu]] if she is not locked to E-1?)
# Do you have other Axis force ships such as [[Prinz Eugen]], [[Italia]], [[Roma]], [[Bismarck]], [[Pola]], [[Zara]], and [[Garibaldi]]?
# Do you plan to challenge Hard on E-3 after this?
# If so, how do you intend to split your existing resources between E-2 and E-3?

If you are confident that you have sufficient resources to split between E-2 and E-3, you can consider using the guide below as it will cover mostly Hard mode preparations. Otherwise, if you plan to do Medium or less, there is no reason to hold back on who your bring to get the best out of your fleet as E-3 will have '''no lock''' on Medium or below. A rough outline of possible asset allocation (hello, economics 101, scarcity) follows.

Also note that current research suggests that [[Ark Royal]], [[Jervis]], and Italian ships in general have the highest bonus modifiers for the E-2 P2 boss (E-2 P1 boss is essentially an anti-installation equipment check). Allied ships generally appear to have higher bonus modifiers for the E-3 P2 boss. The E-3 P1 boss is generally vulnerable to anti-installation set-ups, and also takes torpedo damage into account.

*[[Nelson]]: More suited to E-3 due to her versatility in triggering her special attack with other ships. Mutsu and Nagato require a BB to do so (which is arguably much less useful in E-3, given the amount of anti-installation combat involved).
**She will need a speed boost set-up (turbine + boiler) for E-3 P1, however, due to speed restrictions.
*[[Mutsu]]/[[Nagato]]: More suited for E-2 Part 2, as it is a typical surface combat node (no anti-installation combat involved).
**If not speed-boosted and/or running a superheavy fleet, they will take a longer route, however.
*[[Garibaldi]]: The case can be made for use in both E-2 as well as E-3.
**If locked to E-2, her sister [[Duca degli Abruzzi]] can be powerlevelled relatively quickly post-clear to fill in for E-3 instead.
*[[Italia]] and [[Roma]]: Generally more useful here due to the higher Italian bonus modifier, as well as the Fast fleet requirement for the shortest route.
*[[Ark Royal]]: Very high bonus modifier on E-2, useful here.
*[[Johnston]] and [[Fletcher]]: Bonus modifier on E-3 (none apparent on E-2?), although it may be viable to split 1 each between E-2 and E-3 if there is a need for this.
*[[Jervis]]: Could be used in either E-2 or E-3, depending on what other resources you have available.
**In both cases, main utility is TCI potential due to high boss armour.
*[[Prinz Eugen]]: Again, could be used on either map.
**In both cases, main utility is TCI potential due to high boss armour.
*[[Iowa]]: More useful for E-3 due to higher modifier there. No apparent bonus on E-2(?).
*[[Colorado]]: Same as Iowa, although her very specific requirements for her special attack to trigger limit her usefulness there (especially given that E-3 requires anti-installation equipment).
*[[Saratoga]] and [[Intrepid]]: More useful for E-3 due to higher modifier there. No apparent bonus on E-2(?).
*[[Pola]]: Probably more useful for E-2 (higher modifier), somewhat viable in E-3.
*[[Zara]]: Higher modifier for E-2 as well, but depending on locks, may be more useful in E-3 instead.
*[[Bismarck]]: Whatever.


'''LBAS'''
*You have '''two land bases''' to sortie available on this map
*The required Range to the first boss is '''2''', the Range to the second phase boss is '''6'''
*Be aware that LBAS Range starts at '''2''' on this map. If you have [[Prototype Shuusui]], [[Me 163B]] or [[Shuusui]] in your LBAS deployed to Sortie, you will not be able to enter the map as the game will notify you your LBAS range is too short to participate. 

'''First Phase: Going through Gibraltar'''

The E2P1 boss is essentially an anti-installation equipment check.

There are three approaches to defeat the Boss. One involves a Surface Task Force allowing you to bring more firepower, the other a Transport Combined Fleet, enabling you to skip a dangerous Preboss Node

<tabber>
|-|
Light Surface Task Force=
*Main Fleet: '''1 FBB 1 CVL, 2CA(V),2XX(CA(V)/AV/DD)'''
*Escort Fleet: '''1CL, 2 CA, 3 DD'''
*Fleet path will go '''B-D-G-K-M-N'''
* All ships will need an ''' initial speed of fast''' otherwise you will go to node F
* You cannot speed modify ships to take this route.
* The Main threat on this node will be node K which will feature some battle ships and carriers in the fleet that can possibly damage your fleet.
*In your main fleet, FBBs should use an AP shell, any CA(V)should use Type 3 Shells, AVs/ DDs in the main fleet should use a combination of Daihatsu, Tanks, WG42, Anti Ground Rockets or Mortars.
* Escort fleet should be armed to do double attack set ups. Any 4 slot CL should consider a 2 gun + WG42 / Anti-Ground Rocket set up, CAs should use a Type 3 shell and DDs should use a double attack with 2 guns + WG42 / Anti-Ground Rocket if possible.
*If necessary bring AA guns/skilled lookout to pick off any PT imps that survive the LBAS air strikes.
|-|
Heavy Surface Task Force=
*Main Fleet: '''2-3 (F)BB 1-2 CVL ,2XX(CA(V)/AV/DD)'''
*Escort Fleet: '''1CL, 2 CA, 3 DD'''
*Fleet path will go '''B-D-F-J-K-M-N'''
* All ships will need an '''speed of fast''' otherwise you will go to node G
* You can speed modify ships to take this route.
* The fleet's strength is overall strong, but will be expensive to run.
* In your main fleet, BBs should use an AP shell, any CA(V)should use Type 3 Shells, AVs/ DDs in the main fleet should use a combination of Daihatsu, Tanks, WG42, Anti Ground Rockets or Mortars.
* Escort fleet should be armed to do double attack set ups. Any 4 slot CL should consider a 2 gun + WG42 / Anti-Ground Rocket set up, CAs should use a Type 3 shell and DDs should use a double attack with 2 guns + WG42 / Anti-Ground Rocket if possible.
*If necessary bring AA guns/skilled lookout to pick off any PT imps that survive the LBAS air strikes.
|-|
Transport Combined Fleet=
*Main Fleet: '''2CAV 4DD OR 1CA(V)/AV 1CVL 4DD'''
*Escort Fleet: 1CL 3DD 2CA
*LBAS: 4x Bombers to boss node, both bases
*About '''150 FP''' is needed for AS at the boss node, assuming 4 waves of AD LBAS prior to fleet's air battle phase
*This fleet is more vulnerable than an STF fleet, but takes the shortest route to the boss ('''B-A-C-E-M-N''')
*Along this route, you will mainly face off against torpedo squadrons and submarines.
*On LD, support expeditions may help with pass rate, as well as with clearing out the boss' fleet prior to the surface combat phase
*Equip your escort fleet for anti-installation DA attacks during the night battle phase
**The [[Toku Daihatsu Landing Craft + 11th Tank Regiment]] is useful for these set-ups, if available, due to its high damage modifier
*If neesary bring AA guns/skilled lookout to pick off any PT imps that survive the LBAS air strikes.
|-|
</tabber>

'''Second Phase: Killing the [[Abyssal Mediterranean Princess]]'''

There are two options: Fast STF and Superheavy STF. Both will reach the boss fairly consistently, but expect LD to be more difficult to clear due to the boss' high armour on LD.

LD on hard mode is especially difficult as you will be pitted up against a powerful [[Heavy Cruiser Princess]] along with the [[Abyssal Mediterranean Princess]]. Both which will have extremly high armor (278 and 288 resepctively)

Friend Fleets may make LD somewhat easier once implemented. Until then, however, expect to face some difficulty in clearing as you are effectively rolling for crits against the boss' armour.

<tabber>
|-|
Fast STF=
*Main Fleet: Ark Royal 2FBB 2CA(V) 1CL
**CA(V)s and CL should be able to equip SPFs to supplement FP
**It may be preferable to save [[Zara|Zara Due]] for E-3 Hard, sortieing [[Pola]] here is fairly safe
**FBBs should be FBBs with bonus damage modifiers (ideally [[Roma]] & [[Littorio]] due to Italian modifiers; also [[Bismarck]], [[Richelieu]], etc.)
**[[Ark Royal]] is preferred due to her very high damage modifier
*Escort Fleet: 1CL 2CLT 1CA 2DD
**As many TCI set-ups as you can fit here (less CLTs for obvious reasons) due to boss' high armour, especially on LD
**'''TBC''': It may be preferable(?) to save [[Jervis]] and [[Prinz Eugen]] for E-3 instead.
**It may be viable to use [[Giuseppe Garibaldi]] here, and subsequently train [[Duca degli Abruzzi]] post-clear for use in E-3 instead (assuming she has a bonus modifier on that map as well).
*LBAS: 1 LBAS fighter/interceptor + 3 LBAS bombers, both bases to boss
**Exact amount of FP your fleet requires depends on the quality of LBAS fighter/interceptors & bombers that engage the boss' fleet prior to fleet's air combat phase, use a calculator such as [http://kancollecalc.jp/air_supremacy.html this] to run estimations
**For the fleet, about 270+ FP should be safe (again, depending on quality of LBAS equipment)
*Support Expeditions will help with pass rate and clearing out the boss' fleet
*Route: '''O-P-T-V'''
|-|
Superheavy STF=
*Main Fleet: 4(F)BB(V) + Ark Royal + 1AO
**Speed does not matter for this fleet, but make sure that you have no more than '''6''' (F)BB(V) + CV(L/B) + CA(V) total (across both Main+Escort Fleet)
**This fleet does not care about your feelings, assumes you are okay with the sheer amount of resource burn, and is fundamentally designed for maximising damage at the boss node
***Even then, it can and will fail to clear, simply because the boss' armour is very high and difficult to penetrate without bonus modifiers and/or crits
**[[Nagato|Nagato Kai Ni]] and [[Mutsu|Mutsu Kai Ni]] are preferred here for their special attack, along with 2 other BBs (probably [[Littorio]] and [[Roma]] due to their bonus modifiers)
***Save [[Nelson]] for E-3, as she has more flexibility and can trigger her special attack even with ships with anti-installation set-ups
**The AO should have 1 [[Maritime Resupply]] to replenish the fleet prior to engaging the boss, so as to negate the ammo penalty from the 3 surface battle nodes + 1 air raid node prior to the boss.
*Escort Fleet: 1CL 2CLT 1CA 2DD
**As many TCI set-ups as you can fit here (less CLTs for obvious reasons) due to boss' high armour, especially on LD
**Variations upon this theme exist:
***It is possible to replace the CA with a night CVL, although its utility is debatable (it will help with FP, at the very least)
***(Anything else? AACI DD in place of CLT, esp. if said CLT is Kiso?)
**'''TBC''': It may be preferable(?) to save [[Jervis]] and [[Prinz Eugen]] for E-3 instead.
**It may be viable to use [[Giuseppe Garibaldi]] here, and subsequently train [[Duca degli Abruzzi]] post-clear for use in E-3 instead (assuming she has a bonus modifier on that map as well).
*LBAS: 1 LBAS fighter/interceptor + 3 LBAS bombers, both bases to boss
**Exact amount of FP your fleet requires depends on the quality of LBAS fighter/interceptors & bombers that engage the boss' fleet prior to fleet's air combat phase, use a calculator such as [http://kancollecalc.jp/air_supremacy.html this] to run estimations
**For the fleet, about 270+ FP should be safe (again, depending on quality of LBAS equipment)
*Support Expeditions will help with pass rate and clearing out the boss' fleet
*Route: '''O-R-T-Q-V'''
</tabber>