==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Summer 2020 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

Projected deadline for Initial guide: '''May 12th, 12:01 JST''' (May get extended by 1 day if massive delays occur)

==Darkheron's Proposal (Consolidated from various sources)

==General Information==
* There are 2 different tags for this map:
** Blue Tag: 3rd Fleet (Requirement: Combined Fleet or Single Fleet with CV) (Northern Start)
** Purple Tag: 6th Fleet (Requirements: Single Fleet with no CV) (2 Southern Starts)

==Phase 1: TP Phase==
This phase will require you to run a Single Fleet to deplete the TP bar at {{MapRoute|Q|red}}, consisting of a Ne-Class Kai and light escorts
There are currently two known compositions to complete this phase:

<tabber>
|-|Light Fleet Comp=
* Recommended Fleet: 1 CL 1 CAV/AV 4 DD
* Route: {{MapRoute|A|blue|B|red|E|red|H|red|J|green|Q|red}}
* LBAS: {{MapRoute|Q|red}} 5 Range (no Airpower)
* Notes: Support expeditions are optional. You can use vanguard formation to pass the surface nodes 
|-|Submarine Comp=
* Recommended Fleet: 6SS(V)
* Route: {{MapRoute|A|blue|B|red|D|blue|H|red|J|green|Q|red}}
* LBAS: {{MapRoute|H|red}} 4 Range (no Airpower), {{MapRoute|Q|red}} 5 Range (no Airpower)
*Notes: Only recommended if you have some [[Type 2 Ka-Mi Tank]]s and [[Drum Canister]] carrying Subs (Luigi Torelli Kai or higher).
* Sub Fleet will be almost safe from any harm through the map as long as a land base is placed in Node H and Q. 
* However, the amount of TP drain per run will be very low, requiring more runs to be taken (Around 40-50 runs depending on the equipment you have).
* This can be ideal if you plan to conserve ships for tagging in later sections of the event.
</tabber>

==Phase 1.5: Unlock the route to Node U==
Unlocking {{MapRoute|U|red}} has two requirements:
* Reach {{MapRoute|C|blue}}
* S rank {{MapRoute|P|red}} twice (Hard), once (Medium)
<tabber>
|-|Node C=
** Composition: 1SS (You can equip a damage control fairy on your submarine in case of taiha on {{MapRoute|F|Red}})
** Route: {{MapRoute|A|blue|B|red|D|blue|F|Red|C|Blue}}
** LBAS: n/A
|-|Node P=
** Composition: 2 FBB 2 CV 2 CA + 1 CL 5 DD ('''Fast''' Carrier Task Force)
** Route: {{MapRoute|G|blue|K|red|M|red|N|red|P|red}}
** Alternatively, you can use a single fleet comprised of 3 CV(L), 2 (FBB or CA(V)), and a DD with a maximum of 2 CV to route {{MapRoute|G|blue|K|red|N|red|P|red}}
** LBAS: Range 7, AP/AS on Hard: 124/279
</tabber>

==Phase 2: Defeat CA Hime at Node U==
You can use the same fleet you used in the previous unlocking phase
** Composition: 2 FBB 2 CV 2 CA + 1 CL 5 DD ('''Fast''' Carrier Task Force)
** Route: {{MapRoute|G|blue|K|red|M|red|N|red|P|red|T|red|U|red}}
** Alternatively, you can use a single fleet comprised of 3 CV(L), 2 (FBB or CA(V)), and a DD with a maximum of 2 CV to route {{MapRoute|G|blue|K|red|N|red|P|red|T|red|U|red}}
** LBAS: Range 6, no Air Power
** Notes: AACI is heavily recommended due to three airstrikes on route. Support Expeditions are optional

==Phase 3: Defeat CV Hime at Node ZII==
In this phase, you will need to take out an Aircraft Carrier Princess. There are several compositions availabe depending on selected difficulty:
<tabber>
|-|Submarine comp=
* Composition: 6 SS
** The recommended composition for all difficulties
* Route: {{MapRoute|W|red|Z|red|ZI|red|ZII|red}}
* LBAS Range: 8 Range, AP/AS on Hard 103/231
* Notes: Node Support is recommended to help you pass through the 2 surface battle nodes. Boss Support Expedition is optional if you send LBAS to the Boss.
|-|Surface /Sub Mix=
* Composition: CL, AV/CAV, DD, 3 SS
** Only should be considered if you lack submarines
* Route: {{MapRoute|V|red|W|red|X|red|Y|blue|Z|red|ZI|red|ZII|red}}
* LBAS Range: 8 Range, AP/AS on Hard 103/231
* Notes: Node Support is recommended. Boss Support is also recommended.
|-|Surface / AS + Sub Mix=
* Composition: AS, BBV, 2CLT, 2SS(V)
** '''Easy and Casual Difficulty Only''' (Use this Composition in case of a lack of Submarines)
* Route: {{MapRoute|V|red|W|red|X|red|Y|blue|Z|red|ZI|red|ZII|red}}
* LBAS Range: 8 Range, AP/AS on Easy/Casual 88/197
* Notes: Node Support is recommended. Boss Support is also recommended.
|-|Light Fleet Comp=
* Composition: 2CL, 4DD
** '''Casual Only''' (Use this Composition in case of a lack of Submarines)
* Route: {{MapRoute|W|red|X|red|Y|blue|Z|red|ZI|red|ZII|red}}
* LBAS Range: 8 Range, AP/AS on Easy 88/197
* Notes: Vanguard formation can be utilized to help with passing rate. Boss Support is optional but recommended.
</tabber>

==Grunilgs Proposal (Shamelessly stolen)==

==General Guidelines==

E-2 is a 3.5 Phase Map with the 6th Fleet (Purple) and 3rd Fleet (Blue) Lock Tags consisting of two HP Phases and a Transport Phase as well as an unlock. Two bases of Land Based Aerial Support (LBAS) is available to sortie on this Map.

Using a '''(F)BB(V)''', '''CLT''' or '''CV(L/B)''' and/or Combined Fleet any type will lead you to the northern start, applying the 3rd Fleet Tag. Single Submarine Fleets and those consisting of only light ships (CL/CA/AV/DD) will use the two southern start points, applying the 6th Fleet Tag.

==Phase 1: XXX==

Summary

* Recommended Fleet: XX ('''Speed Fleet''')
* Route: {{MapRoute|Y|Blue|Y|Red|Y|Blue|Y|Red|Y|Red}}
* LBAS: Range X, Airpower
* Additional Notes: Supports?