==Sandbox Rules==
This sandbox is to be used to construct an event guide for the above mentioned event map. These guides are to all of the following requirements:

* List of branching unlocking requirements (If there are multiple requirements, compositions for each path along with the below requirements will be needed to discuss the unlocking requirements in question)

* A list of working compositions that work: (These must have possible alternatives for players who may or may not have all ships needed for a specific path)

* The Path said composition will take (To explain what path the composition will take)

* A summary or description of what kind of obstacles a composition will face.

* A description of the boss node, what it consist and a descriptive guide on what the player should consider for a course of action to successfully win the battle.

* (Optional) Tips to farm to take path to collect certain ships (This will also require a composition, path, and possible description.

Editors are to construct thier own version of thier guide and complete them in a timely fashion. 

No other editors are to allowed to edit over other editor's work without the full consent of the editor and his approval to do so. 

Several version will be constructed through this page and will be reviewed and approved by the staff/ collaboration committee before being moved for the [[Summer 2020 Event]] which it'll be reviewed and updated once more before it can be released.

Overall there will be 3 version of the guide that will be constructed which will include:

*Preliminary Guide
*Polished Guide
*Finalized Guide

With each approval of each version the guide, the said guide will be updated to the main page and construction of the next version will begin.

All guides outside of the approved version will be removed and work will begin from the approved version to make it better for the next version until the finalized version is made.

'''Projected Deadline for E-5 Guide Release: June 20th, 2020''' (Extended deadline upon Editor Request)

==Guide==

E-5 is not a particularly difficult map, but it is fairly tedious. In total, you need at least 2 CVL, 1CL (ideally [[Jintsuu]]), 5DD (ideally bonus DDs, see below), 0-2 SS(V), and 1 CAV/AV (preferably Fast or with RE), plus access to decent interceptors (including jets, depending on difficulty) in order to clear the map. '''All BB types and CV(B)s are not allowed on this map.'''

Also note that there are several LoS checks on this map: Nodes C, F, J, Q, T (possibly), and Z4. Generally, 12+ LoS Cn1 should suffice for all nodes, although the requirement may be lower for fleets with <6 ships.

===Introduction===

This map consists of multiple phases:
#Unlocking the Boss Node
#Chipping & Defeating the Boss
#Unlocking the TP Phase Nodes
#Depleting the TP Bar

'''(SHIP BONUSES GO HERE)'''

===Unlocking the Boss Node===

To unlock the Boss Node, you must:

*S-Rank Node Q (All Difficulties)
**A single fleet (1 CL 5 DD) can route either D-E-H-I-M-Q or D-E-G-I-L-M-Q.
*S-Rank Node V (All Difficulties less Casual)
**A CTF with no more than 2 CVL, Fast speed, and no more than 3 DDs should be able to reach Node V.
**A CTF with no more than 2 CVL that includes an SS(V) should also route to Node V.
*S-Rank Node W (All Difficulties less Casual)
**A CTF with no more than 2 CVL, and does not meet the other requirements listed above should be able to reach Node W.
*S-Rank Node F (All Difficulties less Easy)
**Node F can be reached with a single fleet via choice nodes.
*S-Rank Node P (Casual ONLY)
**See above regarding reaching Nodes V & W.
*AS during Base Defence (Once one Medium, Twice on Hard ONLY)
**As you cannot sortie your third base, it should be set to defence with your best interceptors throughout your sorties to this map.

===Chipping & Defeating the Boss===

Recommended Comp: '''1 [[Jintsuu]] 5DD (Historical)'''

There are two possible routes to the boss:

*D-E-H-I-M-Q-Y
*D-E-G-I-L-M-Q-Y

The only significant difference between these two routes is whether you face 2 submarine nodes, or 1 submarine node & 1 air battle node.

The boss node is not terribly difficult, and bonus ships have a significant enough bonus they should be able to kill the boss at night with double attacks. You can send 1-2 LBAS here, and possibly the other to help with pass rate at a surface node (probably M). On LD it is preferable to commit all LBAS to the boss to ensure victory. Use of Vanguard may also help with pass rate at surface nodes. Support is not really necessary, although boss support may help with LD.

==Grunilgs Notes==

'''Phase 1: Unlock the Boss Node:'''

* S-Rank Node V (All Difficulties less Casual): Sortie a fast Carrier Task Force containing 2CVL and no more than 3 DD, routing D-E-H-J-P-R-V

* S-Rank Node W (All Difficulties less Casual): Sortie a fast Carrier Task Force containing 2CVL and 4DD, routing D-E-H-J-P-T-W

*S-Rank Node P (Casual ONLY): See above regarding reaching Nodes V & W.

* S-Rank Node F (All Difficulties less Easy): Sortie 1CL 5DD with ample OASW, routing D-E-G-F

* S-Rank Node Q (All Difficulties): Sortie 1CL 5DD, routing D-E-G-I-M-Q

* AS during Base Defence (Once one Medium, Twice on Hard ONLY)

**As you cannot sortie your third base, it should be set to defence with your best interceptors throughout your sorties to this map.

H, F, I are submarine nodes, J, P, M, Q are light enemy Torpedo Squadrons, T, R are Airstrike nodes and V and W are light enemy Carrier Task Forces

'''Phase 2: Defeat Abyssal Jintsuu'''

* Fleet: [[Jintsuu]] Kai Ni (or other CL) + 5DD

* Route: D-E-H-I-M-Q-Y '''or''' D-E-I-L-M-Q-Y, with L being an Airstrike node and Y the Boss. You only take the Airstrike if you dont choose H at the start. LoS > 34 cn2 may be required to guarantee boss routing.

* LBAS: 2 Waves of 4 LBAA to node M, 2 Waves of 4 LBAA to node Y.

* Notes: Use Vanguard formation on Nodes M and Q and put your tankiest DD or Jintsuu in slot 4. Supports can be used, but are not neccessary

'''Phase 3: Unlock the second Boss Node'''

* S-Rank Node X2 twice: Sortie a fleet of 1CL 5DD, bring ample OASW as it is all submarine Nodes. Route taken is E-G-F-X1-X2, LoS required is >30 cn2

* S-Rank Node B: Sortie a fleet of 5-6DD, routing C-B, B node being a light torpedo Squadron

'''Phase 4: Complete the transport Operation'''

* Fleet: [[Jintsuu]] Kai Ni (or other CL) + 1CAV + 4DD

* Route: C-B-Z6-Z5-Z4-Z, with Z4 being an Airstrike node, B and Z6 torpedo squadrons and Z the Boss.

* LBAS: 2 Waves of 4 LBAA to node B, 2 Waves of 4 LBAA to node Z.

* Notes: Use Vanguard formation on Nodes B and Z6 and put your CAV in slot 4. Supports can be used, but are not neccessary. The CAV should be carrying one Seaplane Fighter, Jintsuu a standard Combat Loadout and the remaining DDs Drum Canisters and/or Daihatsu-Class Landing craft or combat equipment.


==Merged Proposal==

(Current proposal is being released combining Grun and Solo's ideas due to time constraints, will be modified later down the road.)

===Preparation===

E-5 is not a particularly difficult map, but it is fairly tedious. In total, you need at least 2 CVL, 1CL (ideally [[Jintsuu]]), 5DD (ideally bonus DDs, see below), 0-2 SS(V), and 1 CAV/AV (preferably Fast or with RE), plus access to decent interceptors (including jets, depending on difficulty) in order to clear the map. '''All BB types and CV(B)s are not allowed on this map.'''

Also note that there are several LoS checks on this map: Nodes C, F, J, Q, T (possibly), and Z4. Generally, 12+ LoS Cn1 should suffice for all nodes, although the requirement may be lower for fleets with <6 ships.

===Introduction===

This map consists of multiple phases:
#Unlocking the Boss Node
#Chipping & Defeating the Boss
#Unlocking the TP Phase Nodes
#Depleting the TP Bar

'''(SHIP BONUSES GO HERE)'''

'''Phase 1: Unlock the Boss Node:'''

* S-Rank Node V: Sortie a fast Carrier Task Force containing 2CVL and no more than 3 DD, routing D-E-H-J-P-R-V

* S-Rank Node W: Sortie a speed modded or fast Carrier Task Force containing 2CVL and 4DD, routing D-E-H-J-P-T-W

* S-Rank Node F: Sortie 1CL 5DD with ample OASW, routing D-E-G-F

* S-Rank Node Q: Sortie 1CL 5DD, routing D-E-G-I-M-Q

* Obtain AS on Air Defence twice

H, F, I are submarine nodes, J, P, M, Q are light enemy Torpedo Squadrons, T, R are Airstrike nodes and V and W are light enemy Carrier Task Forces

'''Phase 2: Defeat Abyssal Jintsuu'''

* Fleet: [[Jintsuu]] Kai Ni (or other CL) + 5DD

* Route: D-E-H-I-M-Q-Y '''or''' D-E-I-L-M-Q-Y, with L being an Airstrike node and Y the Boss. You only take the Airstrike if you dont choose H at the start. LoS > 34 cn2 may be required to guarantee boss routing.

* LBAS: 2 Waves of 4 LBAA to node M and/or Q, 2 Waves of 4 LBAA to node Y.

* Notes: Use Vanguard formation on Nodes M and Q and put your tankiest DD or Jintsuu in slot 4. Supports can be used, but are not neccessary

'''Phase 3: Unlock the second Boss Node'''

* S-Rank Node X2 twice: Sortie a fleet of 1CL 5DD, bring ample OASW as it is all submarine Nodes. Route taken is E-G-F-X1-X2, LoS required is >30 cn2

* S-Rank Node B: Sortie a fleet of 5-6DD, routing C-B, B node being a light torpedo Squadron

'''Phase 4: Complete the transport Operation'''

* Fleet: [[Jintsuu]] Kai Ni (or other CL) + 1CAV + 4DD

* Route: C-B-Z6-Z5-Z4-Z, with Z4 being an Airstrike node, B and Z6 torpedo squadrons and Z the Boss.

* LBAS: 2 Waves of 4 LBAA to node B, 2 Waves of 4 LBAA to node Z.

* Notes: Use Vanguard formation on Nodes B and Z6 and put your CAV in slot 4. Supports can be used, but are not neccessary. The CAV should be carrying one Seaplane Fighter, Jintsuu a standard Combat Loadout and the remaining DDs Drum Canisters and/or Daihatsu-Class Landing craft or combat equipment.

==Totaku's Proposal (for Intermediate Release version)==

===Preparation===

This map is not a particularly difficult map, but it is fairly long and tedious. In total, you need at least 2 CVL, 1CL (ideally [[Jintsuu]]), 5DD (ideally bonus DDs, see below), 0-2 SS(V), and 1 CAV/AV (preferably Fast or with RE).

In addition to this the main question you need to ask yourself is:

# Do you have a decent group of interceptors (along with rocket Interceptors)
# Do you have a good line of ASW equipment along with ASW planes to help you in your land base?

If you said yes to both of this, you're more or less ready to do Hard. Otherwise all other difficulties can be handled as long as you have the appropriate ships.

'''As noted in Ooyodo's notes; All BB types and CV(B)s are not allowed on this map.'''

Also note that there are several LoS checks on this map: Nodes C, F, J, Q, T (possibly), and Z4. Generally, 12+ LoS Cn1 should suffice for all nodes, although the requirement may be lower for fleets with <6 ships.

Also because this map will only use 2 of 3 land bases, it's recommended that your 3rd Land base take up full defensive measures by being equipped with all interceptors and rocket interceptors (preferably 2 or more)

===Introduction===

This map will have you doing a total of 4 phases which are simple but terdious. Below is the following missions you must do:

#Unlocking the path to Kolombangara
#Chip and Sink the [[Light Cruiser Demon]]
#Unlock the Transport path to Tuluvu
#Depleting the TP Bar in the Transport Operation

{{:Summer_2020_Event/E-5/historical_ships}}

Out of all the historical ships listed, the safest ships to consider for this map are [[Jintsuu]], [[Satsuki]], [[Mochizuki]], [[Minazuki]], [[Mikazuki]], [[Minegumo]], [[Tanikaze]] and [[Hamakaze]].

Others which can be considered for here but debatable are [[Kawakaze]] and [[Murasame]].

Avoid using all others as most will be vital for E-6 and E-7.

===Phase 1: Unlocking the path to Kolombangara===

In this phase you will be organizing both a single and combined fleet to undertake tasks across the map. Depending on the difficulty, you will need to complete certain steps depending on the task. A summary of the requirements are listed below:

{{:Summer_2020_Event/E-5/Unlocking_Guide_1}}

Below from here, the following steps should be taken to clear each node.

<tabber>
|-| Node F=

* '''Recommended Fleet: 1 CL, 5 DD'''
* '''LBAS: LBAS 1 and 2 on Rest or Standby'''
* '''Path: D-E-G-F'''

Have all ships in your fleet armed with ASW equipment and they should do fine wiping out subs from this section.
<br>
Once the condition is met, a ding sound should occur once you return to homeport.
|-| Node Q=

* '''Recommended Fleet: 1 CL, 4-5 DD'''
* '''LBAS Recommendation: LBAS 1 and 2 All 4 Bomber''' (LBAS 1 on M, LBAS 2 on Q)
* '''Path 1: D-E-G-I-M-Q''' (If Fleet is 1CL, 4DD)
* '''Path 2: D-E-G-I-L-M-Q''' (If Fleet is 1CL, 5DD)

* Ships in your fleet should be mainly armed for surface battle.
* At least one ship should be armed to OASW against the subs on Node I
* Vanguard to improve your survival chances again the torpedo squadron on Node M
* If you go towards Node L, consider arming your fleet with high angle guns and someone that can AACI to minimize the potential damage the air attack could do.
* Node Q is another torpedo squadron, line ahead for this segment to eliminate all the ships.


Once the condition is met, a ding sound should occur once you return to homeport.

|-| Node W=
* '''Recommended Fleet: (Carrier Task Force) 2 CVL, 1 CA, (2SS(V) <Optional> ) + 1 CL,1 CA 4 DD'''
* '''LBAS Recommendation: '''
** LBAS 1: 4 Bomber''' (Target Node J and P) (Distance of 4 and 5 needed)
** LBAS 2: 1 Fighter 2-3 Bomber 0-1 Range Extender''' (Target Node W) (Distance of 7)
* '''Path: D-E-H-J-P-T-W'''

* CVL should be armed with 2 Torpedo Bombers, 1 Dive Bombers, 1 Fighter to ensure higher chance at taking out ships and surviving the nodes.
* Node H is Submarines, Bring 1 ASW ship might be recommended
* Node J and P are a surface fleet full of CLs, CAs, and DDs. Prepare for possible damage for your escort fleet.
* Node T is an air attack, consider an AACI DD
* Node W is a single fleet with some CVLs, and other lightweight ships, line ahead and eliminate the entire fleet to complete the requirement.
<br>
Once the condition is met, a ding sound should occur once you return to homeport.
|-| Node V=
* '''Recommended Fleet: (Carrier Task Force) 2 CVL, 1 CA, (2SS(V) <Optional> ) + 1 CL,1 CA 3 DD''' ('''All Fast Fleet''')
* '''LBAS Recommendation: '''
** LBAS 1: 4 Bomber''' (Target Node J and P) (Distance of 4 and 5 needed)
** LBAS 2: 1 Fighter 2-3 Bomber 0-1 Range Extender''' (Target Node W) (Distance of 7)
* '''Path: D-E-H-J-P-R-V'''
* Speed mod your slow CVLs and subs to make them fast
* You must only have 3 DD or less
* CVL should be armed with 2 Torpedo Bombers, 1 Dive Bombers, 1 Fighter to ensure higher chance at taking out ships and surviving the nodes.
* Speed modded CVLs should consider using 1 Torpedo Bomber and 1 Fighter ( or some variation depending on if your CVL has an expansion or not.
* Node H is Submarines, Bring 1 ASW ship might be recommended
* Node J and P are a surface fleet full of CLs, CAs, and DDs. Prepare for possible damage for your escort fleet.
* Node R is an air attack, consider an AACI DD
* Node V is a single fleet with some CVLs, and other lightweight ships, line ahead and eliminate the entire fleet to complete the requirement.
<br>
Once the condition is met, a ding sound should occur once you return to homeport.
|-| Node P=
*'''Recommended Fleet: See Node W and V'''
*'''LBAS: Same as Node W and V requirements except concentrate on Node P
*'''Casual mode Only'''

Because this is only for casual mode, the guide on node W and V should do the trick, just focus your land base attack on P and line ahead on said node. The fleet should be cleared easily.
<br>
Once the condition is met, a ding sound should occur once you return to homeport.
|-| AS Defense =

*'''Recommended Fleet: N/A'''
*'''LBAS: LBAS #3 - '''2 Interceptors / 2 Rocket Interceptors''' (If condition cannot be reached add more LB with addition interceptors if necessary)

This can be done passively while doing other sections of the map. One Land Base should be enough if you have good enough interceptors and rocket interceptors, but is necessary, add more if needed.
<br>
Once the condition is met, a ding sound should occur once you return to homeport.
|-|
</tabber>

Once all conditions are met the path to Kolombangara (Node Y) will be open and you can now proceed to the next phase.

===Phase 2: Defeat Abyssal Jintsuu ( [[Light Cruiser Princess]] )===

In this phase your fleet will have to go through the same path they took earlier to reach Node Y where they will need to fight off against the [[Light Cruiser Princess]]. [[Jintsuu]] is highly recommended for this section as she can in most occasions take out the princess in a single attack in night battle. The rest of your DDs will be there to mostly pick off the pack to allow [[Jintsuu]] to finish her off. Below is the recommended fleet for this segment:

* '''Fleet: [[Jintsuu]] Kai Ni (or other CL) + 4-5DD'''
* '''LBAS Recommendation: LBAS 1 and 2 All 4 Bomber''' (LBAS 1 on M/Q,  LBAS 2 on Y)
* '''Path 1: D-E-G-I-M-Q-Y''' (If Fleet is 1CL, 4DD)
* '''Path 2: D-E-G-I-L-M-Q-Y''' (If Fleet is 1CL, 5DD)
* '''Path 4: D-E-H-K-M-Q-Y''' (If Fleet is 1CL, 5DD)

* Ships in your fleet should be mainly armed for surface battle.
* At least one ship should be armed to OASW against the subs on Node H and I
* Use Vanguard formation on Nodes H, M and Q and put your tankiest DD or Jintsuu in slot 4.
* If you go towards Node L, consider arming your fleet with high angle guns and someone that can AACI to minimize the potential damage the air attack could do.
* You calso avoid the Airstrike if you don't choose H at the start
* LoS > 34 cn2 may be required to guarantee boss routing.
* In-Route Supports can be used, but are not necessary
* Boss Supports may be recommended for final kill
<br>
The [[Light Cruiser Princess]] will have a fleet of mainly CLs and DD with a Na-class possibly popping up among her fleet in hard mode armed with an opening Torpedo strike. If you use a land base, you should eliminate most of the threats with little trouble. And then ride on [[Jintsuu]] or another historical DD to pull the win. However, at Last Dance she will come with 2 Na-classes and 2 Tsu-class in two making her difficult to defeat. If necessary, assemble a support fleet to wipe out the other ships and leave the Princess to be eliminated in night battle.
<br>
Once the Princess has been defeated you can then proceed into the next segment  to unlock the transport operation.

===Phase 3: Unlock the Transport path to Tuluvu===

In this phase, you will need to do a few simple step to unlock the path, most of it will involved ASW and taking out a small surface fleet.
Below is a chart with the conditions that must be met depending on the difficulty:

{{:Summer_2020_Event/E-5/Unlocking_Guide_2}}

''Note: If you are on Casual Difficulty, you can skip this step entirely and move to Phase 4.

Below are the requirements for each segment you need to complete:

<tabber>
|-|Node X2=
* '''Recommended Fleet: 1 CL, 5 DD'''
* '''LBAS:'''
** '''LBAS 1: 4 ASW/Toukai Planes''' (Send to X2)
** '''LBAS 2: Standby or Rest'''
* '''Path: D-E-G-F-X1-X2-X'''

* Fleet should be equipped with ample OASW as it is all submarine Nodes.
* LoS required is >30 cn2
* X2 will have a [[New Submarine Summer Princess]] along with a team of other subs. Bring ASW bombers and OASW ships to eliminate them.
<br>
Once the condition is met, a ding sound should occur once you return to homeport.
<br> Note: You may hear the sound once per successful run, so if you play hard mode, you may hear this ding sound up to twice.
|-|Node B=
* '''Recommended Fleet: 5-6 DD'''
* '''LBAS:'''
** '''LBAS 1: 4 Land Base Bombers''' (Send to B)
** '''LBAS 2: Standby or Rest'''
* '''Path: C-B'''

* Fleet should be armed for surface combat
* LoS is unknown but is suspected to be around 27-30 cn2
* Node B is a light torpedo squadron of CLs and DDs. Line ahead to eliminate them to complete the requirement.

<br>
Once the condition is met, a ding sound should occur once you return to homeport.
|-|
</tabber>

Once all conditions are met, the path to the transport operation to Tuvulu (Node Z) will be open.

===Phase 4: Complete the transport Operation===

For the Transport operation, you will need to assemble a lightweight fleet to go through a series of Torpedo Squadrons and air attacks before reaching the transport point and fighting the boss fleet. Do note that depending on the difficulty, this will be a long and tedious trek that will take time.

Depending on how much time and your approach, you may consider pacing yourself through this section to complete it with minimum bucket consumption.

Below are two possible composition which are suitable for different needs:

<tabber>
|-|CAV/AV Fast fleet Method=
* '''Recommended Fleet: 1 CL ([[Jintsuu]] Recommended), 1 CAV/AV 4 DD'''
* '''LBAS:'''
* Options 1:
** '''LBAS 1: 4 Land Base Bombers''' (Send to B)
** '''LBAS 2: 4 Land Base Bombers''' (Send to Z)
* Options 2:
** '''LBAS 1 and 2: 4 Land Base Bombers''' (Send to Z)
* '''Path: C-B-Z6-Z5-Z4-Z'''

* Fleet should be organized to be a mixture of combat, AA, Transport along with good LoS.
* Node B is a 6 ship torpedo squadron, while Z6 is a 4 ship torpedo Squadron, Use vanguard to improve your survival chances.
* Node Z5 is an Air Node, have some AACI ships at the ready to minimize possible damage.
* CAV should be carrying one Seaplane Fighter
* [[Jintsuu]] a standard Combat Loadout
* Remaining DDs Drum Canisters and/or Daihatsu-Class Landing craft or combat equipment.
* Comp is good for strong LoS while carrying decent Transport items to deplete TP gauge faster and is overall stronger against the boss.
|-|All DD Method=
* '''Fleet: 6DD'''
* '''LBAS:'''
** '''LBAS 1: 4 Fighters''' (Send to Z5)
** '''LBAS 2: 4 Land Base Bombers''' (Send to Z)
* '''Path: C-B-Z6-Z5-Z4-Z'''

* Fleet should be organized to be a mixture of combat, AA, Transport along with good LoS.
* Node B is a 6 ship torpedo squadron, while Z6 is a 4 ship torpedo Squadron, Use vanguard to improve your survival chances.
* Node Z5 is an Air Node, have some AACI ships at the ready to minimize possible damage.
* Since DDs will not be likely to wipe out the majority of airpower an air sweep on Z5 is recommended
* 2 DD should be Drum / Daihatsu carriers
* 1 DD should be a Radar Mule
* 3 DD should be standard combat with Radar
* It's recommended to have some good high LoS Radars like [[SG Radar (Initial Model)]] and/or [[GFCS Mk.37]] to reach the LoS requirements (May need up to 5-6 to meet LoS requirements)
* Comp will not drain the TP gauge as fast but can be good if your intent is to pace yourself to regain resource and wait for your DD to heal before returning to another round.
* Due to the nature of this comp, '''this is only recommended if you have time to spare, and do not plan to rush through E-5 quickly, do not use this comp if you are wanting to rush through this map or trying to conserve CAV/ AVs for E-6 and E-7'''
|-|
</tabber>

The boss node consists of a 5 ship fleet with the new [[Heavy Cruiser Ne-class Kai (Summer Mode)]] along with a Tsu-class and 3 DD which may have a Na-class among the group. Because of her tanky nature, it'll be difficult to defeat her, but if you manage to you'll drain the TP gauge faster, otherwise, you should easily gain A ranks and slowly work through the TP gauge until you successfully complete the task.


Once the TP gauge is cleared, the map is considered complete.