{{EquipmentInfo|74}}

==Introduction==
夜戦時照射用の探照灯です。<br>
夜戦時に味方艦隊の射撃・雷撃を支援できますが、敵艦隊からの集中攻撃を浴びるリスクがあります。<br>
(駆逐艦・軽巡洋艦・重巡洋艦・航空巡洋艦・水上機母艦・巡洋戦艦が装備可能です)

''This is a searchlight used to illuminate ships during night battle.'' <br>
''While this can assist other friendly ships in attacking the enemy during night battle, the enemy may focus their fire on the user.'' <br>
''This can be used aboard destroyers, light, heavy, and aviation cruisers, seaplane tenders and battlecruisers.''

==Notes==
*When a ship equipped with this enters a night battle with 2 or more HP, a special animation will be shown prior to any attacks, and the following effects will be applied:
*#Night battle attack accuracy of your fleet increases.
*#Special attack rate of your fleet increases.
*#Special attack rate of the enemy fleet decreases.
*#Enemy fleet will target the ship that showed the searchlight animation more often.
*#Enemy fleet will hit the ship that showed the searchlight animation more often.
*Activation rate is 100%.
*Multiple ships equipped with searchlight does not have stacking effects.
*A few way to use it:
:*Equip on ship in the '''Flagship''' position.
::*Pros: Your flagship will always open fire first (unless already in heavily damage state), therefore it does not matter if it further takes damage. Useful if it's the last battle of the sortie.
::*Cons: Your other ships can still cover for your flagship where applicable.
:*Equip on ship in the '''second''' position.
::*Pros: This setup does not suffer from the flagship cover aspect, and ship in the second slot still opens fire early.
::*Cons: May give your opponent 2 turns in a row if their flagship disables the searchlight carrier.
:*Equip on ship in the '''last''' position.
::*Pros: Allows ships that can't be relied on for night battle output to be useful in some ways, as the output doesn't matter if it doesn't get to them.
::*Cons: Likely to lose output in situations where every little bit counts (such as event maps).
*Can '''NOT''' be equipped by Training cruiser.

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Akatsuki Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Arashio Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Ayanami Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Choukai Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Furutaka Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Jintsuu Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Kako Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Kashima Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Kirishima Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Makigumo Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Michishio Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Sendai Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Yamashiro Kai Ni}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#A53|A53]], [[Quests#B73|B73]], [[Quests#B82|B82]], [[Quests#B125|B125]] (x2, choice)

''From limited-time quests: ''[[Quests/Seasonal#SB13|SB13]] (choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#SB23|SB23]] (choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#SB30|SB30]] (x2, choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#SB47|SB47]] (x2, choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#Su01|Su01]] (choice)

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|Searchlight}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 96 150cm Searchlight}}

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2014-02-26:''' '''Implemented'''
* '''2014-11-20:''' Became possible to equip by slow BB
* '''2015-05-29:''' Became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' into {{Equipment/Link|Type 96 150cm Searchlight}}
* '''2018-11-16:''' Visible bonuses added
* '''2020-03-27:''' Visible bonuses increased
* '''2021-02-05:''' Visible bonuses increased for {{Ship/Link|Jintsuu}}
</div></div>

==Fit Bonuses==
{{:Searchlight/Bonuses}}

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name={{PAGENAME}}
|ItemType=Searchlight
|Fuel=10
|Ammo=0
|Steel=30
|Baux=20
|Mats0-5=3/3
|Mats6-9=3/5
|Mats10=5/10
|Screws0-5=2/3
|Screws6-9=2/4
|Screws10=3/7
|EquipConsume0-5=-
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{Searchlight|Searchlight}}
|EquipConsume10=1x{{Skilled Lookout}}
|Sun=Ag<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>J<br>&nbsp;<br>C
|Mon=Ag<br>&nbsp;<br>Ay<br>&nbsp;<br>Ao<br>C
|Tue=Ag<br>&nbsp;<br>Ay<br>&nbsp;<br>Ao<br>&nbsp;
|Wed=Ag<br>&nbsp;<br>Ay<br>&nbsp;<br>Ao<br>&nbsp;
|Thu=Ag<br>Ak<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
|Fri=Ag<br>Ak<br>&nbsp;<br>J<br>&nbsp;<br>C
|Sat=Ag<br>Ak<br>&nbsp;<br>J<br>&nbsp;<br>C
|2ndShip=[[Akigumo]]<br>[[Akatsuki]]<br>[[Ayanami]]<br>[[Jintsuu]]<br>[[Aoba]]<br>[[Choukai]]
|Notes=Upgrades to [[Type 96 150cm Searchlight]].
}}
|}

==See also==
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Searchlight]]