Via [[Game Updates/2015/January 1st|January 1st, 2015 Update]]

==Destroyer== <!-- Utilized http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Ship class & ship ordering -->

===[[Fubuki]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

あけましておめでとうございます、司令官！今年ももーっともーっとがんばりますね！

* Happy New Year, Admiral! I'll work even harder this year!
{{clear}}


===[[Hatsuyuki]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

あけおめ・・・ことよろ・・・。初雪へのお年玉は・・・？えっ・・・ないの・・・

* Happy New Year... regards... Where is my new years money...? Eh? ...There is none...
{{clear}}


===[[Murakumo]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

謹賀新年ねっ、ほんっと仕方ない、今年もあんたに付き合ってあげるわ・・・ったく・・・

* Happy New Year, right? It can't be helped, I'll go along with you this year too... Sheesh...
{{clear}}


===[[Oboro]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

提督、あけましておめでとうございます。本年も朧をどうぞよろしくお願いします

* Admiral, Happy New Year! Please look after me this year too.
{{clear}}


===[[Akebono]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

クソ提督！あけおめことよろ！なによっ、新年ぐらいシャキっとしてよ！

* Shitty Admiral! Happy New Years and regards! What? At least do it right this year!
{{clear}}


===[[Sazanami]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

新年ktkr！！・・・あー、今年も一年歳を取ってしまいましたがー・・・

* The new year is here!! ...Ah, but we'll grow a year older this year...
{{clear}}


===[[Ushio]]===
{{Audio|file=Ushio_Happy_New_Year.ogg}}

提督、新年あけましておめでとう・・・ございます！・・・あっ・・・あの・・・、ごめんなさいっ！

* Admiral, Happy New... Year! ...U-um... Sorry!
{{clear}}


===[[Hatsuharu]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

初春じゃ！めでたいのう。本年もこの初春をわらわと祝おうぞ！

* It's Hatsuharu! How auspicious. Let us celebrate this year together!
{{clear}}


===[[Nenohi]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

新年！あけおめ！ことよろ！なのっ！本年も、ねのひをどうぞよろしくだよ？ねっ？

* New year! Happy new year! Regards for this year! Yes! Please take care of me this year too. Ok?
{{clear}}


===[[Wakaba]]===
{{Audio|file=wakaba_2015newyear.ogg}}

新年か、この瞬間を待っていた。提督、今年もよろしく頼む！・・・ああ、大丈夫だ！

* It's the new year huh. I've been waiting for this moment. Admiral, I will be counting on you again this year. Yes, I'll be fine!
{{clear}}


===[[Hatsushimo]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

謹賀新年、あけましておめでとうございます。初霜、今年もがんばります！はいっ！

* It's a new year. Happy New Year! Hatsushimo will do her best this year! Yes!
{{clear}}


===[[Shiratsuyu]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

あけましておめでとう！いっちばーん沢山入ったお年玉をちょうだい！提督！

* Happy New Year! Give me the most New Years money! Admiral!
{{clear}}


===[[Murasame]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

提督、謹賀新年です。今年も村雨の…ちょっといいとこ、みせてあげる！

* Admiral, Happy New Year! I'll show you a few of Murasame's good points this year too!
{{clear}}


===[[Shigure]]===
{{Audio|file=shigure_2015newyear.ogg}}

あけましておめでとう提督。今年もボクを・・・僕たちをよろしくね！

* Happy New Year, Admiral. This year, please take care of m-..please take care of us again.
{{clear}}


===[[Yuudachi]]===
{{Audio|file=yuudachi_2015newyear.ogg}}

お正月っぽいー！夕立も晴れ着を着るっぽい！これで戦闘は・・・出来るっぽい！

* Looks like its the new year! Looks like Yuudachi will be wearing her best clothes! Looks like...I can battle in these clothes!
{{clear}}



===[[Urakaze]]===
{{Audio|file=urakaze_2015newyear.ogg}}

提督、謹賀新年じゃけぇ。今年もよろしゅうね！

* Admiral, it's the new year. I'll be counting on you this year too!
{{clear}}


===[[Tanikaze]]===
{{Audio|file=tanikaze_2015newyear.ogg}}

あっ↑けましてぇ↓、おめっとさーん！ていとくぅ！今年は景気良くなるさっ！う゛ん゛！だいじょうぶぅ～

* Happy New Year, Admiral! Our condition is only going to get better this year! It'll be fine!
{{clear}}


===[[Hamakaze]]===
{{Audio|file=hamakaze_2015newyear.ogg}}

提督、新年あけましておめでとうございます。今年もよろしくどうぞ・・・です

* Admiral, Happy New Year. I will be counting on you again this year.
{{clear}}


===[[Akizuki]]===
{{Audio|file=akizuki_2015newyear.ogg}}

あけましておめでとうございます。司令！本年も、どうぞよろしくお願い致します！

* Happy New Year. Commander, please treat me well this year too!
{{clear}}


===[[Asagumo]]===
{{Audio|file=asagumo_2015newyear.ogg}}

謹賀新年！司令、あけましておめでとう。・・・今年も付き合ってあげるわよ。安心しなさい！

* It's the new year! Commander, Happy New Year! I'll accompany you this year too. Don't worry!
{{clear}}


===[[Nowaki]]===
{{Audio|file=nowaki_2015newyear.ogg}}

謹賀新年、司令！昨年は大変お世話になりました。今年も、よろしくどうぞ・・・です！

* Happy New Year, Commander. You took great care of me last year. I will be in your care again this year.
{{clear}}


===[[Yamagumo]]===
{{Audio|file=yamagumo_2015newyear.ogg}}

司令さーん、あけましてぇ、おめでとうございまーす！・・・山雲、今年も、よろしくでーす！

* Commander-san~, Happy~ New Year~! ...Yamagumo will be in your care this year too~!
{{clear}}



==Light Cruiser==

===[[Yura]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

提督さん、謹賀新年、です。今年も由良をよろしくお願いしますね。ねっ

* Admiral-san, Happy New Year. Please look after me this year too. Alright?
{{clear}}


===[[Ooi]]===
{{Audio|file=ooi_2015newyear.ogg}}

北上さん！！あけましておめでとうございます！！っ今年も！
・・・あっ提督？提督も今年もどうぞよろしくおねがい致します。はい

* Kitakami-san, Happy New Year! This year-...Oh, Admiral? I will be in your care again this year too. Yep!
{{clear}}


===[[Kitakami]]===
{{Audio|file=kitakami_2015newyear.ogg}}

いやー、めでたいねぇ。今年もよろしくねー。正月ぐらいはのんびりしたいねー。ねー、大井っちー

* Hey, isn't this fortunate? I'm counting on you this year too. Don't you just wanna relax, at least during the New Year? Right, Ooicchi?
{{clear}}


===[[Ooyodo]]===
{{Audio|file=ooyodo_2015newyear.ogg}}

提督！新年もあけましておめでとうございます。本年もどうぞ、よろしくお願い致します！

* Admiral, Happy New Year. I'll be counting on you again this year.
{{clear}}



==Heavy Cruiser==

===[[Furutaka]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

提督！あけましておめでとうございます、古鷹、今年も重巡洋艦の良いところ、沢山お見せ出来るよう頑張ります！

* Admiral! Happy New Year! I'll do my best to show you all the good things about heavy cruisers this year as well!
{{clear}}


===[[Kako]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

新年あけまして、おめっとさーん！提督、今年もばりばり行こうぜぇ！

* Happy New Year! Admiral, let's charge on this year too!
{{clear}}


===[[Prinz Eugen]]===
{{Audio|file=prinz_2015newyear.ogg}}

これがニホンの新年、『オショウ・ガ・ツー』なのか…！ カドマ・ツーも、独特で素敵かも…！

* This is a Japanese new year. There are "2 Priests"...! Kadoma-2, too, is unique and wonderful...!
** お正月 (Oshougatsu, New Years) mixed up with 和尚が２ (Oshou ga 2, 2 priests)
** 門松　(Kadomatsu, New Years decoration) mixed up with 門真２ (Kadoma 2, 2nd Kadoma [city])
{{clear}}


==Battleship==

===[[Nagato]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

謹賀新年か・・・、胸が熱いな

* It's a happy new year, huh... I'm getting excited.
{{clear}}


===[[Ise]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

新年だよ新年！日向、あけましておめでとう！今年もよろしくね

* It's a new year! Hyuuga, Happy New Year! I'll be in your care this year as well.
{{clear}}


===[[Hyuuga]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

謹賀新年・・・、あけましておめでとう、伊勢、そして提督。今年もよろしく頼む

* It's a new year... Happy New Year, Ise, also Admiral. Treat me well this year too.
{{clear}}


===[[Bismarck]]===
{{Audio|file=bismarck_2015newyear.ogg}}

提督！新年も頑張っていきましょう！もちろん私は、いつだって頑張っているわ

* Admiral, let's work hard this year too! Naturally, I'm always working hard though!
{{clear}}


==Light Carrier==

===[[Zuihou]]===
{{Audio|file=zuihou_2015newyear.ogg}}

謹賀新年、あけましておめでとうございます。・・・あのっ・・・私の作った伊達巻・・・たべる？

* It's the new year! Happy New Year! Umm, would you like to eat my handmade Rolled Omelette?
{{clear}}


==Standard Carrier==

===[[Soryuu]]===
{{Audio|file=soryuu_2015newyear.ogg}}

提督ぅ！あけおめことよろでーす！新年も第二航空戦隊をどうぞよろしくでーす！

* Admiral, Happy New Year! This year, the 2nd Carrier Division will be in your care again!
{{clear}}


===[[Hiryuu]]===
{{Audio|file=hiryuu_2015newyear.ogg}}

あけましておめでとうございまーす！提督、今年も二航戦をよろしくね！ねっ！

* Happy New Year! Admiral, please take care of the 2nd Carrier Division this year too, okay? Okay?
{{clear}}



==NPC==

===[[NPC#Port|Mamiya]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

新年はやっぱり、おせちもいいけれど。カレーとかも食べたくなりません？

* Osechi is good for New Years, but don't you want to have some curry too?
{{clear}}


===[[NPC#Port|Irako]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

あけましておめでとうございます。新年も、伊良湖、がんばります！

* Happy New Year. Irako will do her best this year too!
{{clear}}




==[[Glossary#List_of_vessels_by_Japanese_voice_actresses|Grouped by Seiyuu]]== <!-- alphabetical order -->

===Endou Aya===
* [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Bismarck|Bismarck]]
{{clear}}

===Hayasaka Kozue===
* [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Oboro|Oboro]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Akebono|Akebono]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Sazanami|Sazanami]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Ushio|Ushio]]
{{clear}}

===Horie Yui===
* [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Mamiya|Mamiya]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Irako|Irako]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Asagumo|Asagumo]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Yamagumo|Yamagumo]]
{{clear}}

===Kawasumi Ayako===
* [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Ooyodo|Ooyodo]]
{{clear}}

===Kobayashi Motoko===
* [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Hatsuharu|Hatsuharu]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Nenohi|Nenohi]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Wakaba|Wakaba]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Hatsushimo|Hatsushimo]]
{{clear}}

===Komatsu Mana===
* [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Urakaze|Urakaze]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Tanikaze|Tanikaze]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Hamakaze|Hamakaze]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Zuihou|Zuihou]]
{{clear}}

===Ootsubo Yuka===
* [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Ooi|Ooi]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Kitakami|Kitakami]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Furutaka|Furutaka]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Kako|Kako]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Ise|Ise]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Hyuuga|Hyuuga]]
{{clear}}

===Ozawa Ari===
* [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Akizuki|Akizuki]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Nowaki|Nowaki]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Prinz_Eugen|Prinz Eugen]]
{{clear}}

===Sakura Ayane===
* [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Nagato|Nagato]]
{{clear}}

===Tanibe Yumi===
* [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Shiratsuyu|Shiratsuyu]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Shigure|Shigure]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Murasame|Murasame]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Yuudachi|Yuudachi]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Yura|Yura]]
{{clear}}

===Uesaka Sumire===
* [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Fubuki|Fubuki]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Hatsuyuki|Hatsuyuki]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Murakumo|Murakumo]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Souryuu|Souryuu]], [[Seasonal/2015_New_Year_Voice_Lines#Hiryuu|Hiryuu]]
{{clear}}
[[Category:Seasonal]]