Via [[Game Updates/2015/January 23rd|January 23rd, 2015 Update]]

==Destroyer== <!-- Utilizing http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Ship_Class reverse class & listed ship ordering -->

===[[Mutsuki]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

おりょ？節分ですか～、節分なんですか。睦月投げます！えーい！

* Oyo? It's Setsubun? It's Setsubun! Mutsuki is going to throw! Hyah!
{{clear}}


===[[Kisaragi]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

この豆を投げるのねー、えーい。いやだ、変なとこ当たっちゃった？

* We throw this bean, right? Hyaah... Oh my, did I hit somewhere strange?
{{clear}}


===[[Hatsuharu]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

うむ、節分は大切な儀式じゃ、いろいろな意味があるのじゃぞ？あ、知っておったかや？

* Hm! Setsubun is an important ceremony! It holds many meanings! Oh, you knew?
{{clear}}


===[[Nenohi]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

二月といえば子日…じゃなくって節分だよー節分。豆投げるよー、とおー！

* If it's February, it's got to be Nenohi.... I mean, Setsubun-- Setsubun. I'll throw the beans--, too!
** The sound effect is pronounced ''taw''
{{clear}}


===[[Wakaba]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

節分だと？この豆を提督に投げればいいのか？違うな、ではどうすれば？

* It's Setsubun? Should I throw this bean at the admiral? No, that's not right. Then what should I do?
{{clear}}


===[[Hatsushimo]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

鬼は外ー、福は内ー、えい！あっ提督に!?ごめんなさい、片付けますね。

* Demons out! Luck in! Ei! Ah, Admiral?! I'm sorry; I'll clean this up.
{{clear}}


===[[Shiratsuyu]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

福は内ー、鬼はー外！ふふ♪楽しいかもー節分。村雨的にはどうなの？

* Luck in, demons out! Heh heh, Setsubun might be fun! How do you feel about it, Murasame?
{{clear}}


===[[Shigure]]===
{{Audio|file=Kc43v2.ogg}}

豆まき…か。結構、当たると痛いね。

* Throwing beans, huh... It hurts when you get hit often, doesn't it?
{{clear}}


===[[Murasame]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

はいは～い♪節分ね。この行事って、いつからあるのかしら？ねえ？

* Yep, yep! It's Setsubun, isn't it? I wonder, from when did this event start being celebrated? Don't you?
{{clear}}


===[[Yuudachi]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

この豆全力で投げるぽい。。えい。。えい。。えいい。。。。おおおおお。。。

* I'm throwing these beans with full strength .... Ei.... Ei.... Eiiii.... Oohhh..
{{clear}}


===[[Urakaze]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

提督？なんでうちに豆を投げるんじゃ？怒らんけぇ言うてみ？ん？んー？

* Admiral? Why are you throwing beans at me? I won't get angry, so tell me. Hmm? Hmmm--?
{{clear}}


===[[Hamakaze]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

節分ですね。磯風と一緒に、お豆、投げたいですね。あっ、私、探しておきます。

* It's Setsubun. I'd like to throw some beans with Isokaze.... Ah, I'll go look for her.
{{clear}}


===[[Tanikaze]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

かぁっ！節分かい！こいつは粋だねぇーっ、誰に投げりゃいいんだい？浜風かぁ？…ア゛ッ！？

* Kaa! It's Setsubun! This is nifty. Who should I throw it at? Hamakaze? Ah!?
{{clear}}


===[[Nowaki]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

節分って…豆は投げた方がいいのか…食べた方がいいのか…ぅえっ？両方？なの？

* In Setsubun, is it better to throw the beans or eat them? Eh? You do both?
{{clear}}




==Heavy Cruiser==

===[[Prinz Eugen]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

これが日本の文化、セッツ・ブーン！この豆を、長門に投げればいいの？……えいっ！ああっ！？

* So this is Japan's culture, Setsubun! I throw this bean at Nagato, right? Hyah! Oh?!
** She mixed up Nagata Shrine (長田) with Nagato (長門）
{{clear}}




==Light Carrier==

===[[Zuihou]]===
<!-- {{Audio|file= }} audio (remove when added) -->

節分の季節ですね。一応、豆も炒っておきました。提督用の卵焼きも、万全です！

* It's the season for Setsubun. I've already roasted the beans. The grilled egg for the Admiral is also perfect!
{{clear}}




==[[Glossary#List_of_vessels_by_Japanese_voice_actresses|Grouped by Seiyuu]]== <!-- alphabetical order -->

===Hidaka Rina===
* [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Mutsuki|Mutsuki]], [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Kisaragi|Kisaragi]]
{{clear}}

===Kobayashi Motoko===
* [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Hatsuharu|Hatsuharu]], [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Nenohi|Nenohi]], [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Wakaba|Wakaba]], [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Hatsushimo|Hatsushimo]]
{{clear}}

===Komatsu Mana===
* [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Urakaze|Urakaze]], [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Hamakaze|Hamakaze]], [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Tanikaze|Tanikaze]], [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Zuihou|Zuihou]]
{{clear}}

===Ozawa Ari===
* [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Nowaki|Nowaki]], [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Prinz_Eugen|Prinz Eugen]]
{{clear}}

===Tanibe Yumi===
* [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Shiratsuyu|Shiratsuyu]], [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Shigure|Shigure]], [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Murasame|Murasame]], [[Seasonal/Setsubun_Voice_Lines_2015#Yuudachi|Yuudachi]]
{{clear}}




==Sources==
* [http://kancolle.jetri.co/decodes/2015-01-23_17-27 KanColle Data Center shipgraph]
* [http://wikiwiki.jp wikiwiki]
{{clear}}
[[Category:Seasonal]]