{{EquipmentInfo|208}}

==Introduction==
カタパルト射出可能な高性能攻撃機「晴嵐」で編成された実戦部隊です。<br>
潜水空母による戦略的な運用を目指して開発された、高い攻撃力を秘めたハイスペックな潜水艦搭載水上攻撃機「晴嵐」。<br>
同機を集中配備した潜水艦隊部隊運用航空隊「六三一空」の実戦部隊。ぜひ正攻法で活躍させたいところです！

''This is an actual combat unit formed with the catapult-launchable high-performance attack aircraft "Seiran".''<br>
''Developed for strategic operation by submarine carriers, the high-specification submarine-mounted seaplane attack aircraft "Seiran" has high attack power.''<br>
''This is the actual combat unit of the "631st Air Group", the submarine fleet operation squadron that intensively deploys this aircraft. I'd really like to see it in action the way it was intended!''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''From quests: '''[[Quests#F49|F49]]

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2017-01-27:''' '''Implemented'''
</div></div>

==Fit Bonuses==
{{:Zuiun/Bonuses}}
{{:Equipment Bonuses/Seaplane Bombers}}

==Trivia==
The Seirans were only deployed operationally once, aboard [[I-400]], [[I-401]], [[I-13]], and [[I-14]].  While initial plans intended for them to strike the Panama Canal, the desperate strategic situation switched the target to the American base at Ulithi Atoll.  In order for the measly six planes to successfully reach this target, they were painted in American colours, a decision highly unpopular with the crews - represented here by the fairy kicking over the paint bucket.  [[Winter 2017 Event|This operation, codenamed "Hikari"]], was cancelled with the Japanese surrender, and the disguised Seirans thrown overboard before the submarines returned home.

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:Aichi M6A|Aichi M6A]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Seaplanes]]
[[Category:Seaplane Bombers]]