__NOTOC__
{{EquipmentInfo|348}}

==Introduction==
地対地ロケット兵装として、日本陸軍によって開発された試製四式噴進砲。圧倒的な火力を集中的に投射して、敵の地上戦力や陣地を破壊制圧する目的で整備され、防御戦にも実際に投入されました。本兵装は、同地対地噴進砲を艦載し、集中運用することで、敵地上兵力を叩く艦艇用対地if装備です。※本兵装は集中運用することで、さらに能力を発揮します。

The Type 4 Rocket is a ground-to-ground rocket developed by the Imperial Japanese Army. It was developed for the purpose of suppressing enemy troops and positions with overwhelming firepower. It was also put to use in defensive positions. This ground-to-ground rockets were mounted on ships in concentrated deployments as "what-if" equipment for the fleet to attack ground troops.

* This equipment will display its full abilities when in a concentrated deployment.

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''From quests: '''[[Quests#By7|By7]] (choice), [[Quests#B139|B139]] (choice)

''Event reward for:''
* [[Summer 2019 Event]] E-1: Hard
* [[Summer 2019 Event]] E-2: Hard, Medium, Easy
* [[Fall 2019 Event]] E-1: Hard, Medium, Easy

''Ranking reward for:''
* Jun 2019: 1-5 (x2), 6-20, 21-100, 101-500

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|Shipborne Model Type 4 20cm Anti-ground Rocket Launcher}}

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2019-07-30:''' '''Implemented''' as ranking reward
* '''2019-09-30:''' Became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|Type 4 20cm Anti-ground Rocket Launcher (Concentrated Deployment)}}
</div></div>

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name={{PAGENAME}}
|ItemType=AntiGroundArtillery
|Fuel=20
|Ammo=120
|Steel=30
|Baux=10
|Mats0-5=4/5
|Mats6-9=5/8
|Mats10=20/36
|Screws0-5=3/3
|Screws6-9=4/6
|Screws10=7/13
|EquipConsume0-5=1x{{Drum}}
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{GreenGunMG|12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher}}
|EquipConsume10=1x{{AntiGroundArtillery|Shipborne Model Type 4 20cm Anti-ground Rocket Launcher}}<br>2x{{RocketMat}}
|Sun=&nbsp;<br/>O<br/>Ar
|Mon=Ak<br/>O<br/>Ar
|Tue=Ak<br/>O<br/>Ar
|Wed=Ak<br/>O<br/>Ar
|Thu=Ak<br/>O<br/>Ar
|Fri=&nbsp;<br/>O<br/>Ar
|Sat=&nbsp;<br/>O<br/>Ar
|2ndShip=[[Akitsushima Kai]]<br/>[[Ooshio Kai Ni]]<br/>[[Arashio Kai Ni]]
|Notes = Uses 1x [[Drum Canister]] for improvement up to ★+6 <br> Uses 1x [[12cm 30-tube Rocket Launcher]] for improvement past ★+6 <br> Uses 1x {{PAGENAME}} and 2x [[New Model Rocket Development Material]] for upgrade to [[Type 4 20cm Anti-ground Rocket Launcher (Concentrated Deployment)]].
}}
|}

==See Also==
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[Category:Anti-Ground Rocket]]