{{EquipmentInfo|24}}

==Introduction==
「九九艦爆」の後継として開発された高速性能を誇る艦上爆撃機「彗星」。<br>
液冷発動機を装備。当時の一般的な戦闘機より速く、護衛の零戦すら振り切れる高速性とも言われます。<br>
整備の難しい機体ですが、高速艦爆としての完成度は高く、ぜひ機動部隊の中核として運用してくださいね。

''Boasting high-speed performance, the successor of the "[[Type 99 Dive Bomber|Type 99 Carrier-based Bomber]]", the "Suisei".<br>
''It is equipped with a liquid-cooled engine. It is faster than typical fighters, even its [[Type 21 Zero Fighter|Zero-fighter]] escorts.''<br>
''Although it is difficult to maintain, its excellence as a carrier-based dive bomber is undeniable. Please do use it as the core of your mobile squadron.''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Akagi Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Hiryuu Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Hiyou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Junyou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Kaga Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Ryuujou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Shouhou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Shoukaku Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Souryuu Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Taihou}}, {{Ship/Link|Zuihou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Zuikaku Kai}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#C22|C22]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#C29|C29]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#C31|C31]] (x3, choice)

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|Suisei}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-bomber)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 2 Reconnaissance Aircraft}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 99 Dive Bomber (Egusa Squadron)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Zero Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-bomber / Iwai Squadron)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Bomb-carrying Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model III Kai (65th Squadron)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Re.2001 CB Kai}}

'''Used by quests: '''[[Quests#F14|F14]], [[Quests#F75|F75]], [[Quests#F85|F85]], [[Quests#F86|F86]], [[Quests#F87|F87]]

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-04-23:''' '''Implemented''' with initial game release
* '''2013-11-01:''' '''Stats increased:'''  '''{{ASW}}+2 → {{ASW}}+3 '''
* '''2019-03-08:''' Card CG updated
* '''2020-11-13:''' Became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|Suisei Model 12A}}
</div></div>

==Fit Bonuses==
{{:Suisei/Bonuses}}

== Akashi's Improvement Arsenal ==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
| Name = {{PAGENAME}}
| ItemType = RedPlane
| Fuel = 120
| Ammo = 120
| Steel = 0
| Baux = 280
|Mats0-5 = 7/8
|Mats6-9 = 8/9
|Mats10 = 8/9
|Screws0-5 = 3/3
|Screws6-9 = 4/5
|Screws10 = 5/7
|EquipConsume0-5 = 1x{{RedPlane|Suisei}}
|EquipConsume6-9 = 1x{{RedPlane|Suisei}}
|EquipConsume10 = 1x{{RedPlane|Suisei}}
| Sun = T<br>S
| Mon = T<br>&nbsp;
| Tue = T<br>&nbsp;
| Wed = T<br>&nbsp;
| Thu = T<br>&nbsp;
| Fri = T<br>S
| Sat = T<br>S
| 2ndShip = [[Taihou]]<br/>[[Shoukaku]]
| Notes =  Upgrades to [[Suisei Model 12A]] ★+4.
}}
|}

== Trivia ==
* Although it can be equipped on CVLs in Kancolle, the Suisei's high landing speed made it unsuitable for operation from smaller carriers due to the long flight deck required.

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:Yokosuka D4Y|Yokosuka D4Y]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Dive Bombers]]