{{EquipmentInfo|193}}

==Introduction==
特大発動艇、略して「特大発」。<br>
輸送船からの揚陸作業や上陸戦に用いる数多く量産された上陸用舟艇、「大発」。<br>
この海上のトラック「大発」を新型中戦車搭載等に対応するためより大型化、搭載力が向上しています。

''Toku Daihatsu-class Landing Craft or 'Toku Daihatsu' for short.''<br>
''Unloading and landing operations made use of great numbers of these mass produced 'Daihatsu' landing craft.''<br>
''The maritime truck 'Daihatsu' was increased in size to accommodate the new medium tank.''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Upgradeable''' from {{Equipment/Link|Daihatsu Landing Craft}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#B85|B85]]

''From limited-time quests: ''[[Quests/Seasonal#Su02|Su02]] (choice)

''Ranking reward for:''
* Sep 2016: 1-5 (x2), 6-20, 21-100, 101-500
* Oct 2017: 1-5, 6-20, 21-100, 101-500
* Oct 2019: 1-5 (★+5), 6-20 (★+5), 21-100 (★+5)

</div></div>


*Increases expedition resources gain by 7% for each equipped Landing Craft, and can pass the 20% limit Daihatsu cap. 
*Toku Daihatsu do not a have a known existing cap to how much resources you gain from expeditions, however, they do still have a noted restriction that is dependent on how many Daihatsu and Toku Daihatsu you bring with you on an expedition.
* However, the resource gain when using Toku Daihatsu is still limited to 4 Toku Daihatsu.
* When using Toku Daihatsu along with the 20% resource gain from the [[Daihatsu]], the following results will occur to the resource gain.
**The First two Toku Daihatsu will give a 2% boost each to your resources, increasing your gain to 24%
**The Third Toku Daihatsu will give a 1% boost to your resources, increasing your gain to 25%
**The Forth Toku Daihatsu will give a 0.4% boost to your resources, increasing your gain to 25.4%
**If 4 Toku Daihatsu are used along with 4 [[Daihatsu]], they will aid in increasing the resource gain further but 0.2%, 0.2%, 0.1% and 0.1% respectively.
** This means that the overall base bonus resource gain you can earn from using '''4 [[Daihatsu]] and 4 Toku Daihatsu on the same fleet through expeditions is 26%'''. [https://twitter.com/Ex_witch/status/796644525317890048] [https://twitter.com/Ex_witch/status/797446805847822341]
*Applying 4 Maxed [[Daihatsu]] modification values ,you can '''reach up to 28%'''.
*Modification resource gain from [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]] with Toku Daihatsu are still unknown.
* Equipping these with a combination of a WG42 will add bonus damage against enemy installations where amphibious warfare mechanics apply (I.E 6-4)

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name={{PAGENAME}}
|ItemType=LandingCraft
|Fuel=70
|Ammo=80
|Steel=120
|Baux=30
|Mats0-5=3/5
|Mats6-9=4/8
|Mats10=-
|Screws0-5=2/3
|Screws6-9=4/6
|Screws10=-
|EquipConsume0-5=2x{{Drum|Drum Canister}}
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{LandingCraft|Daihatsu-class Landing Craft}}
|EquipConsume10=-
|Sun=K<br>&nbsp;
|Mon=K<br>&nbsp;
|Tue=K<br>&nbsp;
|Wed=&nbsp;<br>A
|Thu=&nbsp;<br>A
|Fri=&nbsp;<br>A
|Sat=K<br>&nbsp;
|2ndShip=[[Kinu#Second Upgrade|Kinu Kai Ni]]<br>[[Akitsu Maru]]
|Notes=
}}
|}

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:Toku Daihatsu-class landing craft|Toku Daihatsu-class Landing Craft]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Landing Craft]]