{{EquipmentInfo|347}}

==Introduction==
日本陸軍が開発した陸戦用の迫撃砲の艦載型改良型です。十分な対潜装備のなかった船舶に装備され、前方投射型の対潜火器としても運用された同迫撃砲をさらに強化改良、これを集中配備した代替対潜火器装備です。同兵装をさらに集中運用、大量の迫撃砲弾の連続発射による対地制圧攻撃も可能です。

An improved shipborne model of the mortar developed by the Imperial Japanese Army for land warfare. This is the concentrated deployment of the improvised anti-submarine equipment. These upgraded mortars were mounted forwards on ships that did not have sufficient anti-submarine equipment. Further concentrated deployment also allows these mortars to be used for ground suppression by firing multiple large salvos.

==Notes==
Ships receive a boost of 15% more ASW firepower when this is used together with a [[:Category:SONAR|SONAR]]. This equipment does not get the 10% bonus when used with a [[:Category:Depth Charges|depth charge]] or the 43% [[:Category:SONAR|SONAR]]+[[:Category:Depth Charges|DC]]+[[:Category:Depth Charge Projectors|DCP]] synergy bonus. However, since it's 15% [[:Category:SONAR|SONAR]] synergy bonus is unique, it can stack with the 43% bonus to give a total bonus of 64%. This is only possible on ships with 4 slots.
As a [[:Category:Mortars|Mortar]], provides a small damage bonus against [[Combat/Anti-Installation|Installations]].

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Upgradeable''' from {{Equipment/Link|Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai}}

''Ranking reward for:''
* Jun 2019: 1-5, 6-20
* Jul 2019: 1-5, 6-20

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2019-07-30:''' '''Implemented''' as ranking reward
</div></div>

==See Also==
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[Category:Mortars]]
[[Category:Depth Charge Projectors]]
[[Category:Special Depth Charge Projectors]]