__NOTOC__
{{EquipmentInfo|36}}

==Introduction==
遠距離砲撃戦における秘密兵器「九一式徹甲弾」。<br />
海中突入後急激に向きを変え、魚雷のように敵艦水線下に突き進み、喫水下を破砕する特殊徹甲弾です。<br />
水中弾効果を高める形状設計のため、空気抵抗も減少して射程も延伸します。<br />
戦艦・航空戦艦等が使用可能。

''"The long range bombardment weapon known as the secret weapon "Type 91 Armor-Piercing Shell". This type of ammunition will spin rapidly after exiting the the gun's barrel, enters the water, and penetrate the target's armor below the waterline like a torpedo, crushing the hull of the ships. The shell's shape enhances underwater penetration while also improving the range by decreasing air resistance. Available for Battleship (BB), Aviation Battleship (BBV) etc."''

==Notes==
Buildable.<br>'''(Jul 28 2014)''' Can now be equipped to Fast Battleships.

'''(Oct 10 2014) '''When equipped together with large caliber guns, daytime hit and firepower bonus when attacking [heavily armored enemy ships] and [installation type bosses]

'''(Jan 23 2015) ''' Can now be upgraded into [[Type 1 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell]], through [[Akashi's Improvement Arsenal]]. 

Rumored to increase critical hit chance (source needed, statement not present in wikiwiki)

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name=Type 91 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell
|ItemType=RedAmmo
|Fuel=30
|Ammo=150
|Steel=310
|Baux=10
|Mats0-5=2/3
|Mats6-9=3/5
|Mats10=6/9
|Screws0-5=1/1
|Screws6-9=1/2
|Screws10=4/9
|EquipConsume0-5=-
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{RedAmmo|Type 91 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell}}
|EquipConsume10=3x{{RedAmmo|Type 91 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell}}
|Sun=&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>Ki
|Mon=&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>Ki
<!--- |Tue= --->
|Wed=Hi<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
|Thu=Hi<br>HiK<br>&nbsp;
|Fri=Hi<br>HiK<br>Ki
|Sat=Hi<br>HiK<br>Ki
|2ndShip=[[Hiei]]<br>[[Hiei Kai Ni]]<br>[[Kirishima]]
|Notes=Hiei Kai Ni also includes Hiei Kai Ni C<br>Upgrades to [[Type 1 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell]]
}}
|}

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:ja:九一式徹甲弾|九一式徹甲弾]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Shells]]
[[Category:Armour-Piercing Shells]]