__NOTOC__
{{EquipmentInfo|346}}

==Introduction==
元々は大戦後半期に日本陸軍が開発した陸戦用の迫撃砲です。十分な対潜装備のなかった陸軍の船舶などに搭載され、前方投射型の対潜火器としても運用されました。本兵装は同迫撃砲をさらに改良した艦載用強化型です。爆雷投射機の代替として、また限定的ながら対地攻撃も可能です。

This mortar was originally developed by the Imperial Japanese Army in the latter half of the war. It was mounted forwards for anti-submarine use on IJA ships that did not have sufficient anti-submarine equipment. This is an improved shipborne model of that mortar. It can substitute for a depth charge projector and is also capable of limited ground attacks.

==Notes==
As a [[:Category:Mortars|Mortar]], provides a small damage bonus against [[Combat/Anti-Installation|Installations]].
{{Template:Equipment/ASW_Synergy}}

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Mikura Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Shinshuu Maru Kai}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#By7|By7]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#B139|B139]] (x3, choice), [[Quests#C37|C37]] (choice), [[Quests#F89|F89]], [[Quests#F90|F90]] (choice)

''From limited-time quests: ''[[Quests/Seasonal#2010LQ1|2010LQ1]] (x2, choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#2103B1|2103B1]] (choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#W20B1|W20B1]] (choice)

''Event reward for:''
* [[Summer 2019 Event]] E-1: Hard (x2), Medium (x2), Easy

''Exchange reward'' from [[Naval District Saury Festival|Sardines 2019]]

''Ranking reward for:''
* Jun 2019: 1-5, 6-20, 21-100 (x2), 101-500
* Jul 2019: 21-100, 101-500

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai}}

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2019-07-30:''' '''Implemented''' as ranking reward
* '''2019-08-08:''' Became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai (Concentrated Deployment)}}
</div></div>

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name={{PAGENAME}}
|ItemType=DepthCharge
|Fuel=20
|Ammo=120
|Steel=30
|Baux=10
|Mats0-5=2/3
|Mats6-9=4/6
|Mats10=18/30
|Screws0-5=2/2
|Screws6-9=3/4
|Screws10=6/9
|EquipConsume0-5=1x{{Drum}}
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{DepthCharge|Type 94 Depth Charge Projector}}
|EquipConsume10=2x{{DepthCharge|Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai}}<br>1x{{AR}}
|Sun=&nbsp;<br/>&nbsp;<br/>Ka
<!--- |Mon= --->
<!--- |Tue= --->
|Wed=Ni<br/>&nbsp;<br/>&nbsp;
|Thu=Ni<br/>AMK<br/>Ka
|Fri=Ni<br/>AMK<br/>Ka
|Sat=Ni<br/>&nbsp;<br/>Ka
|2ndShip=[[Nisshin]]<br/>[[Akitsu Maru Kai]]<br/>[[Kamikaze]]
|Notes = Uses [[Drum Canister]] for improvement up to ★+6 <br> Uses [[Type 94 Depth Charge Projector]] for improvement past ★+6 <br> Uses 2x {{PAGENAME}} and [[Action Report]] for upgrade to [[Type 2 12cm Mortar Kai (Concentrated Deployment)]].
}}
|}

==See Also==
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[Category:Mortars]]
[[Category:Depth Charge Projectors]]
[[Category:Special Depth Charge Projectors]]