{{EquipmentInfo|59}}

==Introduction==
複葉でありながら、優れた運動性と高い空戦能力を持つ二座の水上偵察機です。<br />
主力艦隊の砲戦弾着観測と偵察のための機体ですが、その高い格闘戦闘力は、専門の水上戦闘機も顔負けの高性能ぶり。<br />
複葉機だけど近代的な、名作観測機なのです！

''Although being a biplane, this is a dual-seat float reconnaissance plane with outstanding maneuverability and high air-to-air capability. Its initial purpose was for fleet's gunnery spotting and reconnaissance, however its high dogfight ability even out-qualify purposely built float fighters. Being modern enough as well as being biplane, it's no doubt a masterpiece of its own class.''

==Notes==
Not to be confused with [[Type 0 Recon Seaplane]].

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Mizuho Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Mizuho}}, {{Ship/Link|Musashi}}, {{Ship/Link|Yamato}}

''Ranking reward for:''
* Jun 2013: 1-20, 21-100, 101-340

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Observation Seaplane}}, {{Equipment/Link|Zuiun Model 12}}, {{Equipment/Link|Zuiun Model 12 (634 Air Group)}}

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-07-03:''' '''Implemented''' as ranking reward
* '''2013-12-24:''' '''Stats increased:'''  '''{{ASW}}+2 → {{ASW}}+4 '''
* '''2014-03-14:''' Became '''buildable'''
* '''2016-02-29:''' Became '''improvable'''
</div></div>

==Fit Bonuses==
{{:Type 0 Observation Seaplane/Bonuses}}
{{:Equipment Bonuses/Reconnaissance Seaplanes}}

== Akashi's Improvement Arsenal ==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
| Name = {{PAGENAME}}
| ItemType = Seaplane
| Fuel = 90
| Ammo = 40
| Steel = 0
| Baux = 270
|Mats0-5 = 4/6
|Mats6-9 = 6/9
|Mats10 = -
|Screws0-5 = 3/5
|Screws6-9 = 4/7
|Screws10 = -
|EquipConsume0-5 = 1x{{Seaplane|Zuiun}}
|EquipConsume6-9 = 1x{{Seaplane|Type 0 Observation Seaplane}}
|EquipConsume10 = -
| Mon = Mi<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
| Tue = Mi<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
| Wed = Mi<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
| Thu = &nbsp;<br>Mu<br>Mu1
| Fri = &nbsp;<br>Mu<br>&nbsp;
| Sat = &nbsp;<br>Mu<br>&nbsp;
| 2ndShip = [[Mizuho]]<br>[[Musashi|Musashi (base remodel)]]<br>[[Musashi#First Upgrade|Musashi (Kai/Kai Ni)]]
| Notes =
}}
|}

==Trivia==
Codenamed "Pete" by the Allies, the Mitsubishi F1M had high air-to-air capability resulting from its crisp maneuverability (basically biplanes have better mobility than monoplanes while trading off high-speed capability) as highlighted in the description text. It seldomly served its original role of gunnery spotting, but with its high dynamics and stability it served many purposes such as ground attack, anti-sub patrol, convoy escort, and sometimes air-to-air combat. Its maneuverability equalling Type 96 fighters (which are purposely-built monoplanes), there are actually kill records of American fighters such as F4F's and even an F6F (the pilot that shot down the F6F was Officer Nobuo Fujita, the only man who succeeded to bombard the American mainland in 1942).

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:Mitsubishi F1M|Mitsubishi F1M]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Seaplanes]]
[[Category:Reconnaissance Seaplane]]