{{EquipmentInfo|47}}
==Introduction==
対潜兵装です。<br>
いわゆるアクティブソナーです。性能は残念ながら、ものすごく高くはありません。<br>
それでも、他兵装と組み合わせて、練度の高い駆逐艦で敵潜水艦隊を文字通り駆逐してください！

''An anti-submarine weapon, also called the "active sonar". It doesn't have impressive performance; however, when used in tandem with other equipment, a veteran destroyer will surely put enemy submarines down!''

==Notes==
;Buildable.
:Ships receive a 15% ASW synergy bonus when this is used together with a [[:Category:Depth Charge Projectors|depth charge projector]] or [[:Category:Depth Charges|depth charge]]; and a 43% bonus when all three types are used (must be on the same ship). The 43% bonus does not apply when used together with a [[Category:Special Depth Charge Projectors|special DCP]].
:Stock equipment of [[Makigumo|Makigumo Kai]], [[Naganami|Naganami Kai]], [[Amatsukaze|Amatsukaze Kai]], [[Kiyoshimo|Kiyoshimo Kai]].
:Can be upgraded from [[Type 93 Passive SONAR]].
:Reward for top 200 in May 2013.
:Quest reward from [[Quests#B36|B36]] and the [[Seasonal/Saury 2015#Saury Quests|Saury 2015 Seasonal Event]].

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name={{PAGENAME}}
|ItemType=Sonar
|Fuel=10
|Ammo=0
|Steel=30
|Baux=50
|Mats0-5=4/5
|Mats6-9=5/7
|Mats10=-
|Screws0-5=2/3
|Screws6-9=3/5
|Screws10=-
|EquipConsume0-5=-
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{Sonar|Type 3 Active Sonar}}
|EquipConsume10=-
|Sun=I<br>&nbsp;
|Tue=I<br>Y
|Wed=I<br>Y
|2ndShip=[[Isuzu#Second Upgrade|Isuzu Kai Ni]]<br>[[Yuubari]]
|Notes=
}}
|}

==See Also==
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[Category:Anti-submarine Weaponry]]
[[Category:SONAR]]