{{EquipmentInfo|41}}

==Introduction==
独自開発された「特殊潜航艇」です。<br>
軽巡洋艦や甲標的母艦に改装した水上機母艦、そして潜水艦が搭載して運用します。<br>
二発の魚雷を装備し、敵艦に肉薄して雷撃、艦隊決戦を補助する特殊兵器です。<p>
''This is a Japanese-made, distinctive "Midget Submarine."''<br>
''This can be utilized by light cruisers, seaplane tenders remodeled as midget submarine tenders, and submarines.''<br>
''Equipped with two torpedoes, this is a unique weapon that can approach and attack enemy ships in order to support open-sea warfare.''<br>

==Notes==
Enables opening torpedo salvo for CLTs and AVs, as well as SS/SSV below level 10, and certain CLs such as [[Abukuma#Second Upgrade|Abukuma Kai Ni]], [[Yura#Second Upgrade|Yura Kai Ni]], and [[Yuubari#Third Upgrade|Yuubari Kai Ni Toku]].

Does not count as a torpedo for [[Combat#Night_Battle_Special_Attacks|cut-ins]] during night battle despite having a torpedo icon.

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Chitose A}} (x2), {{Ship/Link|Chiyoda A}} (x2), {{Ship/Link|Mizuho Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Nisshin A}} (x2), {{Ship/Link|Nisshin Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Nisshin}}

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|Type A Kouhyouteki}}

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-04-23:''' '''Implemented''' with initial game release
* '''2013-08-02:''' Ability to enable opening torpedo added
* '''2018-08-17:''' Name changed from '''Kouhyouteki (甲標的)''' to '''Type A Kouhyouteki (甲標的 甲型)'''
* '''2020-09-17:''' Became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|Type C Kouhyouteki}}
</div></div>

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name={{PAGENAME}}
|ItemType=TorpedoWeapon
|Fuel=30
|Ammo=50
|Steel=40
|Baux=20
|Mats0-5=3/3
|Mats6-9=3/6
|Mats10=9/18
|Screws0-5=1/2
|Screws6-9=2/4
|Screws10=4/8
|EquipConsume0-5=1x{{TorpedoWeapon|Type A Ko-hyoteki}}
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{TorpedoWeapon|Type A Ko-hyoteki}}
|EquipConsume10=2x{{TorpedoWeapon|Type A Ko-hyoteki}}<br>2x{{ArmMat}}<br>1x{{AR}}
|Sun=N<br>&nbsp;
|Tue=&nbsp;<br>C
|Wed=N<br>C
|Thu=N<br>C
|Fri=N<br>&nbsp;
|Sat=N<br>&nbsp;
|2ndShip=[[Nisshin]]<br>[[Chiyoda#Second Upgrade|Chiyoda A]]
|Notes=Can be upgraded to [[Type C Kouhyouteki]].<br>Only Chiyoda's "A" remodel may perform improvements.
}}
|}

==Trivia==
The Type A Ko-hyoteki, which means "Target 'A', Type 'A'," was given its name in order to disguise its true purpose: if its design was discovered prematurely by Japan's foes, the Japanese Navy could insist that the vessels were practice battle targets. They were also called "Tubes" (筒 Tou) or "Target" (的 Teki, abbreviation of 'Hyōteki') and other slang names.<br>

Five of these participated in the attack on Pearl Harbor, with two actually making it into the harbor. They also participated in the attacks at Sydney Harbor, as well as in Madagascar.

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:Type A Ko-hyoteki-class submarine|Type A Ko-hyoteki-class submarine]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[Category:Midget Submarine]]