__NOTOC__
{{EquipmentInfo|35}}

==Introduction==
戦艦の主砲から放たれる対空用特殊砲弾。<br />
榴散弾の一種で、大量の子弾が爆散、敵を編隊ごと一網打尽に殲滅することが可能。<br />
戦艦主砲の射撃装置の問題で命中率が低いのが難点だが、艦隊の防空力を大きく高めます。<br />
戦艦・航空戦艦・重巡洋艦が使用可能。

''A special kind of main battery shell used by battleships that is specifically used as an anti-air weapon.'' <br>
''The shrapnel, when ejected from the bullet in large quantities, potentially encases and then annihilates all enemy planes in formation.'' <br>
''The questionable accuracy rate of the firing mechanism of the main battery of battleships is the only weakness, but this is traded for the immense AA firepower boost.'' <br>
''Available for battleships, aviation battleships, heavy cruisers, and the like.''

==Notes==
Does [[Damage Calculations#Anti-Installation Attacks|increased damage]] against "installation type" bosses. All of these bosses were based on real-life airfields, which the type 3 shell was designed to destroy. With type 3 equipped, firepower * 2.5 is used for pre-cap damage calculations during night battle instead of firepower + torpedo.

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Haruna Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Hiei Kai Ni}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#B40|B40]], [[Quests#B129|B129]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#B171|B171]] (x2, choice)

''From limited-time quests: ''[[Quests/Seasonal#21Su LB1|21Su LB1]] (choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#20WiB1|20WiB1]] (choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#20WiB2|20WiB2]] (x2, choice), [[Quests/Seasonal#20WiD1|20WiD1]] (choice)

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|Type 3 Shell}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 3 Shell Kai}}

'''Used by quests: '''[[Quests#F41|F41]]

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-04-23:''' '''Implemented''' with initial game release
* '''2019-02-22:''' Visible bonuses added
* '''2019-02-27:''' Became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|Type 3 Shell Kai}}
</div></div>

==Fit Bonuses==
{{:Type 3 Shell/Bonuses}}

==Akashi's Improvement Arsenal==
{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
|Name={{PAGENAME}}
|ItemType=GreenAmmo
|Fuel=50
|Ammo=120
|Steel=210
|Baux=170
|Mats0-5=7/8
|Mats6-9=8/10
|Mats10=10/16
|Screws0-5=4/4
|Screws6-9=5/7
|Screws10=8/10
|EquipConsume0-5=-
|EquipConsume6-9=1x{{GreenAmmo|Type 3 Shell}}
|EquipConsume10=1x{{RedAmmo|Type 1 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell}}<br>1x{{GunMat}}
|Sun=&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>Ki
|Mon=Ko<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>Ki
|Tue=Ko<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
|Wed=Ko<br>Hi<br>HiC<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;
|Thu=Ko<br>Hi<br>&nbsp;<br>Ha<br>&nbsp;
|Fri=&nbsp;<br>Hi<br>&nbsp;<br>Ha<br>&nbsp;
|Sat=&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>Ha<br>Ki
|2ndShip=[[Kongou]]<br>[[Hiei]]<br>[[Hiei Kai Ni C]]<br>[[Haruna]]<br>[[Kirishima]]

|Notes=Uses 1x [[Type 3 Shell]] for improvement past ★+6 <br> Uses 1x [[Type 1 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell]] and 1x [[New Model Gun Development Material]] for upgrade to [[Type 3 Shell Kai]].
}}
|}

==Trivia==
The Sanshiki (San-Shiki or sanshikidan, lit. "type 3") ) anti-aircraft shell, also known as "Beehives", was designed for several gun calibers, including the 46.0 cm guns of the Yamato-class battleships.

The round was equipped with a delay fuse set before firing that detonated the shell at the set altitude; on explosion, the steel stays and the incendiary tubes were ejected in a 20-degree cone forward, with the shell fragments from the explosion itself further increasing the amount of debris, in which the explosion of the shell deals heavy damage to incoming aircraft.

However, since it used the battleship's main gun, the low rate of fire means the battleship is vulnerable for a period of time, but it does increase the AA stat of the ship.

==See Also==
*[[wikipedia:San Shiki (anti-aircraft shell)|Sanshiki]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[Category:Shells]]
[[Category:Anti-Aircraft Shells]]