==World 6-3: K作戦 Operation K==
{{LabSortieworld
| map = Map6-3.png
| difficulty = ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ 
| item = Depends
| exp = Varies
| code = K作戦 (Operation K)
| jptext = 飛行艇または水上偵察機を装備した水上機母艦・軽巡・駆逐艦による艦隊を同方面へ進出、航空偵察「K作戦」を実施せよ！
| entext = Sortie to this region with light cruisers, destroyers, and seaplane tenderd equipped with [[Type 2 Flying Boat|flying boats]] or recon seaplanes, and undertake the air reconnaissance "Operation K"!
| aircon = 
{{AirControlSystem
| Map = 6-3 Heavy Fleet
| Route = A-C-E-F-H-J
| AS = 0
| Fleet = AV CL DD 3XX (XX = AV, CL or DD)
| Notes = 
}}
{{AirControlSystem
| Map = 6-3 Light Fleet
| Route = A-C-E-G-H-J
| AS = 0
| Fleet = AV CL 4DD
| Notes = 
}}
}}

===Stage Guide===
{{MapBranchingTable
|title = 6-3 Branching Rules
|expand = true
|id = 2-5
|A/empty -> B,C = * Choice node

|E -> F, G/resource = 
*Meet '''ANY''' of the following to go to F
**Amount of AV+CL ≧ 4
**Amount of AV ≧ 2 
*Go to G if CL ≤ 1 '''and''' DD ≧ 3
*Otherwise, random routing (More likely to go to F)

|G/resource -> H/resource = * Fixed route

|H/resource ->  I/empty =
* Fail the LoS check
** Routing becomes random if the LoS is between '''36 - 38 F33 Cn3'''
|H/resource -> J = * Pass the LoS check of 38 or higher using the '''F33 Cn3''' formula
}}

===Tips===
'''Regarding the map'''
*Requires '''sinking boss flagship 4 times''' to clear.
**Once the map is cleared, you can no longer roll the Final Form at the boss node
*'''Only seaplane tenders, light cruisers, training cruisers, and destroyers allowed!''' Specifically at least 1 AV, at least 1 DD, and at least 1 CL. Torpedo cruisers (CLT) cannot be used here.
'''<br/>Specific node notes'''
*Node C is a submarine node, but you will not get the normal indication that it is a submarine node. Node B can be a submarine node, but isn't always.
*There is very little reason to head towards B, unless the fleet cannot (or do not) want to face [[Submarine So-Class#Elite|SS So-Class Elite]] at node C. But avoiding So-Class requires an additional fight which is not preferable 
*[[Light Cruiser Tsu-Class#Elite|CL Tsu-Class Elite]] can show up at node E.
*Node G can be guaranteed with 4 destroyers in the fleet.
'''<br/>Regarding air reconnaissance mechanic'''
*From nodes G and H, recon planes will be flown towards the green X (the recon route is shown on the map as green arrows). Successful reconnaissance will reward additional resources upon '''winning at the boss node'''(B rank or higher).
**Neither G or H have combat.
**Animation will be shown for the Air Reconnaissance; if both Large Flying Boats and other seaplanes are brought, Large Flying Boat animation takes priority.
**Success rate (and great success rate) of the air reconnaissance depends on the LoS and slot sizes of Seaplane Recon, Seaplane Bombers and Large Flying Boats brought.
**'''You forfeit all reconnaissance rewards if you lose at or do not reach the boss node.'''.
'''<br/>Regarding Boss Fleet'''
*Before the gauge can be depleted ('''Initial Form'''), the boss fleet consists of 1~2 [[Battleship Ta-Class#Flagship|BB Ta-Class Flagships]], 1~2 [[Heavy Cruiser Ri-Class#Flagship|CA Ri-Class Flagships]], 0~1 [[Light Cruiser He-Class#Flagship|CL He-Class Flagship]], the [[Destroyer Princess]] (weaker version), and 2 late model destroyers (either [[Destroyer Ro-Class#Late Model|Ro-Class]], [[Destroyer Ha-Class#Late Model|Ha-Class]], or [[Destroyer Ni-Class#Late Model|Ni-Class]]). The two destroyers appearing will be the same class.
*When the gauge can be depleted ('''Final Form'''), the boss fleet is led by [[Destroyer Princess]] (stronger version), 2 [[Battleship Ta-Class#Flagship|BB Ta-Class Flagships]], 1 [[Heavy Cruiser Ri-Class#Flagship|CA Ri-Class Flagship]], and 2 [[Destroyer Ni-Class#Late Model|DD Ni-Class Late Models]].
**Because you can only deploy AV/CL/CT/DD, it is unlikely for the player's fleet to be able to inflict significant damage during daytime battle. You should expect the battle to last into night time.

<br/>'''Recommend Fleet'''
*'''1 AV, 1 CL, 4 DD (A → C → E → G → H → J, 3 fights total)'''
**Pros: The most cost-effective way to get to boss, and guarantees G branching, which allows two air reconnaissance rewards. CL can be [[Abukuma|Abukuma Kai Ni]] in order to grant yourself another preemptive torpedo salvo if she is equipped with a [[Type A Ko-hyoteki]].
**Cons: Lowest damage output of the setup and may not be able to consistently get a victory at boss.
*'''2 AV, 3 CL, 1 DD (A → C → E → F → H → J, 4 fights total)'''
**Pros: Highest damage output at boss, especially due to the boss fight almost always requiring night battle
**Cons: Needs to fight an extra battle against enemy fleet led by a [[Heavy Cruiser Ne-Class#Elite|CA Ne-Class Elite]] which has the stats close to a battleship.
*'''1 AV, 2 CL, 3 DD (Either of the above routes, 3 or 4 fights total)'''
**Pros: Has better damage over 1 AV 1 CL 4 DD, and if the random compass sends you to G node, can fight at boss with better output and still only fighting 3 battles total.
**Cons: Has to deal with RNG, and being sent to node F this way hurts a bit more.

<br/>'''Suggested Ships (and equipment setups)'''
*AV: Despite the fact that [[Akitsushima]] with her [[Type 2 Flying Boat|flying boats]] can succeed at the air reconnaissance better, her battle output is low, and as the boss fleet is rather tanky, using either [[Chitose]], [[Chiyoda]] or [[Mizuho]] equipped with 2 Zuiun (or variants) and 1 [[Type A Ko-hyoteki]] is the better choice, especially since the opening torpedo can easily take out a less-armored target before shelling begins. If aviable, [[Nisshin|Nisshin A]] will be the best choice as AV, since her 4 slots allow her to equip Zuiun for Air Superiority and Artillery Spotting, Two main guns for day- and nighttime double-attack and a minisub with a potent opening Torpedo. (Akitsushima cannot equip [[Type A Ko-hyoteki]], lower plane capacity, and no torpedo capability, period.) Note that any setup with seaplane bombers have chances being shot down, especially if Tsu-Class Elite shows up at node E, which may result in no air superiority at boss node.
*CL: Generally, your 1~3 best CLs here. Unless your other ships can compensate for the lowered night battle damage, it is not recommended to use [[Ooyodo]] here.  [[Abukuma|Abukuma Kai Ni]] is highly recommended for here since she can be armed with a [[Type A Ko-hyoteki]].
*DD: Consider the boss fight will require night battle for the most part, and the fact that [[Destroyer Princess]] (harder version) has 115 armor, it is better to bring ships that have better night battle performances. Anti-Air equipment is not required for this map because no enemy fleets here have air capability.

===Air Reconnaissance===
From Kancolle Kai, the formula for Air Reconnaissance is

<math>R = \sum_{\text{Seaplane Recon, Bombers}} \text{LoS} \times \sqrt{\sqrt{\text{No.}_\text{planes}}} + \sum_{\text{Large Flying Boats}} \text{LoS} \times \sqrt{\text{No.}_\text{planes}}</math>

For node G, the minimum <math>R</math> to achieve success is 12 for G and 16 for H.
For Great Success, the requirement is multiplied by <math>(1.6 + rand(0.6))</math>.

This means that the minimum and maximum requirement for Great Success for H is 25.6 and 35.2.

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Great Success Rewards for Nodes G and H
|-
! Item !! Chance to Obtain
|-
| 4 {{DM}} || 5%
|-
| 3 {{DM}} || 10%
|-
| 2 {{DM}} || 25%
|-
| 200 {{Ammo}} || 5%
|-
| 150 {{Ammo}}|| 10%
|-
| 100 {{Ammo}} || 15%
|-
| 150 {{Bauxite}} || 5%
|-
| 100 {{Bauxite}}|| 10%
|-
| 80 {{Bauxite}}|| 15%
|}
{| class="wikitable"
|+ Normal Success Rewards for Nodes G and H
|-
! Item !! Chance to Obtain
|-
| 1 {{DM}} || 35%
|-
| 80 {{Ammo}} || 5%
|-
| 60 {{Ammo}} || 10%
|-
| 50 {{Ammo}} || 15%
|-
| 50 {{Bauxite}} || 5%
|-
| 40 {{Bauxite}} || 10%
|-
| 30 {{Bauxite}} || 20%
|}

===Nodes And Enemy Encounters===
{{#invoke:EnemyEncounters2|encounterTemplate
|A_label = '''<span style="color:blue">Choose your route</span>'''
|A-1_node_info = Choose your route
|
|B_label = 泊地哨戒線
|B-1_node_info = ss_ka-class_elite ss_ka-class ss_ka-class ss_ka-class ss_ka-class
|B-1_form = line_abreast echelon
|B-1_xp =
|B-1_enemy_air_power =
|B-2_node_info = cl_ho-class_flagship dd_ro-class_late_model dd_ro-class_late_model
|B-2_form = double_line
|B-2_xp =
|B-2_enemy_air_power =
|B-3_node_info = ss_ka-class_elite ss_ka-class ss_ka-class ss_ka-class
|B-3_form = echelon line_abreast
|B-3_xp =
|B-3_enemy_air_power =
|B-4_node_info = dd_ro-class_late_model dd_ro-class_late_model dd_ro-class_late_model
|B-4_form = double_line
|B-4_xp =
|B-4_enemy_air_power =
|
|C_label = 深海潜水艦隊
|C-1_node_info = ss_so-class_elite ss_yo-class_elite ss_ka-class_elite ss_ka-class ss_ka-class
|C-1_form = echelon line_abreast
|C-1_xp =
|C-1_enemy_air_power =
|C-2_node_info = ss_yo-class_elite ss_ka-class_elite ss_ka-class_elite ss_ka-class ss_ka-class ss_ka-class
|C-2_form = echelon line_abreast
|C-2_xp =
|C-2_enemy_air_power =
|C-3_node_info = ss_yo-class_elite ss_yo-class_elite ss_ka-class ss_ka-class ss_ka-class
|C-3_form = echelon line_abreast
|C-3_xp =
|C-3_enemy_air_power =
|
|D_label = 深海ピケット艦隊
|D-1_node_info = cl_he-class_flagship dd_ro-class_late_model dd_ro-class_late_model dd_ro-class_late_model
|D-1_form = line_ahead double_line
|D-1_xp =
|D-1_enemy_air_power =
|D-2_node_info = cl_he-class_flagship dd_ro-class_late_model dd_i-class_late_model dd_i-class_late_model
|D-2_form = double_line line_ahead
|D-2_xp =
|D-2_enemy_air_power =
|D-3_node_info = cl_he-class_flagship dd_ro-class_late_model dd_ro-class_late_model
|D-3_form = double_line line_ahead
|D-3_xp =
|D-3_enemy_air_power =
|
|E_label = 深海哨戒水雷戦隊
|E-1_node_info = cl_tsu-class_elite clt_chi-class_elite clt_chi-class_elite dd_i-class_late_model dd_i-class_late_model
|E-1_form = line_ahead double_line
|E-1_xp =
|E-1_enemy_air_power =
|E-2_node_info = cl_he-class_flagship clt_chi-class_elite clt_chi-class_elite dd_i-class_late_model dd_i-class_late_model dd_i-class_late_model
|E-2_form = line_ahead double_line
|E-2_xp =
|E-2_enemy_air_power =
|E-3_node_info = cl_he-class_flagship clt_chi-class_elite clt_chi-class_elite dd_i-class_late_model dd_i-class_late_model
|E-3_form = line_ahead double_line
|E-3_xp =
|E-3_enemy_air_power =
|
|F_label = 深海中部水上打撃群
|F-1_node_info = ca_ne-class_elite ca_ri-class_elite cl_to-class_elite dd_i-class_late_model dd_i-class_late_model
|F-1_form = line_ahead double_line
|F-1_xp =
|F-1_enemy_air_power =
|F-2_node_info = ca_ne-class_elite cl_to-class_elite cl_to-class_elite dd_i-class_late_model dd_i-class_late_model
|F-2_form = line_ahead double_line
|F-2_xp =
|F-2_enemy_air_power =
|F-3_node_info = ca_ne-class_elite cl_to-class_elite cl_ho-class_elite dd_i-class_late_model dd_i-class_late_model
|F-3_form = double_line line_ahead
|F-3_xp =
|F-3_enemy_air_power =
|
|G_label = 
|G-1_node_info = 
|
|H_label = 
|H-1_node_info = 
|
|I_label = '''<span style="color:blue">Battle Avoided</span>'''
|I-1_node_info = "Must be my imagination" (battle avoided)
|
|J_label = 留守泊地旗艦艦隊
|J-1_node_info = bb_ta-class_flagship bb_ta-class_flagship ca_ri-class_flagship destroyer_princess dd_ni-class_late_model dd_ni-class_late_model
|J-1_form = line_ahead
|J-1_xp =
|J-1_enemy_air_power =
|J-2_node_info = destroyer_princess bb_ta-class_flagship bb_ta-class_flagship ca_ri-class_flagship dd_ni-class_late_model dd_ni-class_late_model
|J-2_form = line_ahead
|J-2_xp =
|J-2_enemy_air_power =
|J-3_node_info = bb_ta-class_flagship ca_ri-class_flagship ca_ri-class_flagship destroyer_princess dd_ni-class_late_model dd_ni-class_late_model
|J-3_form = line_ahead
|J-3_xp =
|J-3_enemy_air_power =
|J-4_node_info = bb_ta-class_flagship ca_ri-class_flagship ca_ri-class_flagship destroyer_princess dd_ha-class_late_model dd_ha-class_late_model
|J-4_form = line_ahead
|J-4_xp =
|J-4_enemy_air_power =
|J-5_node_info = bb_ta-class_flagship ca_ri-class_flagship ca_ri-class_flagship destroyer_princess dd_ro-class_late_model dd_ro-class_late_model
|J-5_form = line_ahead
|J-5_xp =
|J-5_enemy_air_power =
|J-6_node_info = bb_ta-class_flagship ca_ri-class_flagship cl_he-class_flagship destroyer_princess dd_ro-class_late_model dd_ro-class_late_model
|J-6_form = line_ahead
|J-6_xp =
|J-6_enemy_air_power =
|
|final_form = 
|boss_node = 
}}

===Drops===
<div class="mw-customtoggle-6-3-drop globalbutton">Show/Hide Drops</div>
{| class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable" id="mw-customcollapsible-6-3-drop"
!Node
!Destroyers
!Light Cruisers
!Heavy Cruisers
!Seaplane Tender
!Aircraft Carrier
!Battleship
!Submarine
!Others
|-
|B
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|C
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|D
|[[Kikuzuki]], [[Mutsuki]]
|
|[[Maya]]
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|E
|[[Satsuki]], [[Sazanami]]
|[[Isuzu]], [[Jintsuu]], [[Kiso]], [[Kitakami]], [[Naka]], [[Ooi]], [[Sendai]], [[Tatsuta]], [[Tenryuu]]
|[[Aoba]], [[Ashigara]], [[Chikuma]], [[Choukai]], [[Furutaka]], [[Kinugasa]], [[Mogami]]
|
|
|[[Hiei]], [[Hyuuga]], [[Ise]], [[Kirishima]], [[Kongou]]
|[[I-19|'''<span style="color:red">I-19</span>''']]
|[[Katori|'''<span style="color:red">Katori</span>''']]
|-
|F
|
|[[Jintsuu]], [[Sendai]]
|[[Mogami]]
|
|
|[[Hiei]], [[Ise]]
|[[I-19|'''<span style="color:red">I-19</span>''']]
|
|-
| style="color:red" |'''J'''
|[[Harusame|'''<span style="color:red">Harusame</span>''']], [[Mutsuki]], [[Satsuki]], [[Shiranui]]
|[[Kitakami]], [[Nagara]], [[Noshiro|'''<span style="color:red">Noshiro</span>''']], [[Ooi]], [[Ooyodo|'''<span style="color:red">Ooyodo</span>''']], [[Sendai]], [[Tama]],[[Yuubari|'''<span style="color:red">Yuubari</span>''']]
|[[Aoba]], [[Ashigara]], [[Atago]], [[Chikuma]], [[Choukai]], [[Furutaka]], [[Haguro]], [[Kako]], [[Kinugasa]], [[Kumano]], [[Mogami]], [[Myoukou]], [[Suzuya]], [[Takao]], [[Tone]]
|
|[[Hiyou]], [[Jun'you]], [[Ryuujou]], [[Shouhou]], [[Shoukaku]], [[Unryuu|'''<span style="color:red">Unryuu?</span>''']], [[Zuihou]], [[Zuikaku]]
|[[Haruna]], [[Hiei]], [[Hyuuga]], [[Ise]], [[Kirishima]], [[Kongou]]
|[[I-19|'''<span style="color:red">I-19</span>''']], [[I-168|'''<span style="color:red">I-168</span>''']], [[I-58|'''<span style="color:red">I-58</span>''']], 
|
|}