{{EquipmentInfo|109}}

==Introduction==
零戦の最終的な量産型「零式艦上戦闘機52丙型」です。<br>武装及び防御力が強化されました。その分、若干機動性は失われています。本航空隊は同機材を装備して、再建を目指す空母機動部隊の制空戦闘を担います。  

''The Zero Fighter's final production model is the "Type Zero Carrier Based Fighter Model 52 'Hei' Class". <br>Weaponry and durability has been enhanced. However, mobility has been somewhat impaired. This is the same plane used by the reformed aircraft carrier mobile squadrons, responsible for controlling the skies.''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Amagi Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Katsuragi Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Unryuu Kai}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#B54|B54]]

''Ranking reward for:''
* Dec 2014: 21-100, 101-500
* Apr 2015: 21-100
* May 2016: 6-20, 21-100

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used by quests: '''[[Quests#F15|F15]], [[Quests#F26|F26]]

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2014-08-08:''' '''Implemented'''
* '''2016-06-30:''' Became '''improvable'''
</div></div>

== Akashi's Improvement Arsenal ==

{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
| Name = {{PAGENAME}}
| ItemType = GreenPlane
| Fuel = 120
| Ammo = 120
| Steel = 0
| Baux = 280
|Mats0-5 = 4/6
|Mats6-9 = 5/9
|Mats10 = -
|Screws0-5 = 3/5
|Screws6-9 = 4/6
|Screws10 = -
|EquipConsume0-5 = 2x{{GreenPlane|Zero Fighter Type 52}}
|EquipConsume6-9 = 2x{{BluePlane|Tenzan}}
|EquipConsume10 = -
| Sun = T<br>&nbsp;
| Mon = T<br>&nbsp;
| Tue = T<br>&nbsp;
| Wed = T<br>U
| Thu = T<br>U
| Fri = T<br>U
| Sat = T<br>U
| 2ndShip = [[Taihou]]<br/>[[Unryuu]]
}}
|}

== Historical Information ==
The '''Mitsubishi A6M5c''' '''''Type 0 Model 52 Type C Carrier-based Fighter '''''(also called ''Type-丙, "hei")'', is a late model derivative of the ''[[Type 52 Zero Fighter|Mitsubishi A6M5 Type 0 Model 52 fighter]]''. One of the last production versions of the '''[[Type 21 Zero Fighter|Mitsubishi A6M]]''', the A6M5c Zero Fighter Type C featured some reconfigurations in loadout and was fielded in September of 1944.

Based on the A6M5, the A6M5c had the secondary 7.7mm gun on the left side of the cockpit was removed, while two 13.2mm ''Type 3'' machine guns were added - one at each wing, outboard of the existing 20mm cannons. Four racks, intended for mounting rockets or small bombs, were installed further outboard.

To boost pilot survivability, the cockpit gained an additional armor plate behind the seat, while a 55mm thick piece of armored glass was added behind the headrest. The wing skin was also thickened.

The drop-tank, a centrally mounted 300L unit, had its design changed to a four-post mount. Some sources state that the A6M5c also included a change in engines, updating to the Nakajima ''Sakae 31''. 

The additional armament and thicker armor was, however, detrimental to the A6M's lightweight design, which combined with the relatively low powered engine, made the A6M5c significantly less agile. The increase in weight affected both its speed and maneuverability. As a result, A6M5c planes typically flew as Boeing B29 ''Superfortress'' interceptors, or as "special attack" (kamikaze) missiles, rather than their original role as superiority fighters.

The Unryuu class carriers were originally to field the 601st Air Group, which utilized A6M planes. The 601st Air Group were never stationed at those carriers, due to war circumstances. As such, the A6M5c Type Zeros of the 601st Air Group as depicted in Kancolle are equipped on remodelled Unryuu-class carriers to represent that.
==See also==
[[wikipedia:Mitsubishi_A6M_Zero#A6M5_Type_0_Model_52|A6M5c Model 52c]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[Category:Fighters]]