{{EquipmentInfo|21}}

==Introduction==
零戦の最終的な量産機となった改良型、「零式艦上戦闘機52型」です。<br>
後継機の開発が遅れたため、零戦52型が後期の主力艦上戦闘機として奮戦することになりました。<br>
「彗星」艦爆や「天山」艦攻と一緒に、機動部隊の主力として運用してくださいね。

''The final mass-production version of the [[Type 21 Zero Fighter|Zero-fighter]], "Type Zero Carrier-based Fighter Type 52".''<br>
''As the development of its sucessors were delayed, the Zero-fighter Type 52 fought bravely as the main late-war carrier-based fighter.''<br>
''Along with the "[[Suisei (Comet)|Suisei]]" bomber and "[[Tenzan (Heavenly Mountain)|Tenzan]]" torpedo bomber, please use it as your mainstay air task-force.''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Akagi Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Chitose Carrier Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Chitose Carrier Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Chiyoda Carrier Kai Ni}}, {{Ship/Link|Chiyoda Carrier Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Hiryuu Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Hiyou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Houshou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Junyou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Kaga Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Ryuuhou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Ryuujou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Shinyou}}, {{Ship/Link|Shouhou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Shoukaku Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Souryuu Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Zuihou Kai}}, {{Ship/Link|Zuikaku Kai}}

'''Upgradeable''' from {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 32}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#C29|C29]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#C32|C32]] (x6, choice)

''From limited-time quests: ''[[Quests/Seasonal#Su04|Su04]] (x3, choice)

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 52}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-bomber)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Zero Fighter Model 52C (601 Air Group)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 52 (Skilled)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Zero Fighter Model 52C (w/ Iwai Flight)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Zero Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-bomber / Iwai Squadron)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Zero Fighter Model 52A (w/ Iwamoto Flight)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 53 (Iwamoto Squadron)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 3 Fighter Hien}}, {{Equipment/Link|Re.2001 OR Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|F4F-4}}, {{Equipment/Link|Shiden Model 11}}, {{Equipment/Link|F6F-3}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 63 (Fighter-bomber)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model III A}}, {{Equipment/Link|FM-2}}

'''Used by quests: '''[[Quests#F24|F24]], [[Quests#F25|F25]], [[Quests#F29|F29]], [[Quests#F47|F47]], [[Quests#F70|F70]]

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-04-23:''' '''Implemented''' with initial game release
* '''2016-06-30:''' Became '''improvable'''
* '''2020-11-13:''' Became '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-bomber)}}
</div></div>

== Akashi's Improvement Arsenal ==

{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
| Name = {{PAGENAME}}
| ItemType = GreenPlane
| Fuel = 120
| Ammo = 120
| Steel = 0
| Baux = 280
|Mats0-5 = 3/5
|Mats6-9 = 5/8
|Mats10 = 5/8
|Screws0-5 = 3/4
|Screws6-9 = 3/5
|Screws10 = 3/5
|EquipConsume0-5 = 1x{{GreenPlane|Zero Fighter Type 52}}
|EquipConsume6-9 = 2x{{GreenPlane|Zero Fighter Type 52}}
|EquipConsume10 = 2x{{RedPlane|Type 99 Dive Bomber}}
| Sun = &nbsp;<br>Z
| Mon = &nbsp;<br>Z
| Wed = &nbsp;<br>Z
| Thu = S<br>&nbsp;
| Fri = S<br>&nbsp;
| Sat = S<br>&nbsp;
| 2ndShip = [[Shoukaku]]<br/>[[Zuikaku]]
| Notes = Can be upgraded to [[Type 0 Fighter Model 62 (Fighter-bomber)]] ★+4.
}}
|}

==Trivia==
<h4>Historical Information</h4>
The '''Mitsubishi A6M5 ''Zero''''' (''Type 0 Carrier-based fighter, Model 52'', Allied reporting name "Zeke") is the final mass-production (and perhaps most effective) variant of the Mitsubishi A6M.

Compared to the A6M2, the A6M5 had shorter wings and revised control surfaces while an improved exhaust system and cowling increased power delivery. Carbon-dioxide based fire extuinguishers were added while the radio was updated. The A6M5 had a number of incremental updates throughout its various manufacturing lots.

Maximum speed was increased to 565km/h at 6,000m and it could reach that altitude in just over 7 minutes. Subvariants include the [[Zero Fighter Type 52 Type C (601 Air Group)|A6M5c]], while the A6M6 and [[Type 62 Zero Fighter-bomber|A6M7 (Model 62)]] were adapted from the A6M5.
==See Also==
[[wikipedia:Mitsubishi A6M Zero#A6M5 Type 0 Model 52|Mitsubishi A6M5 Model 52]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[Category:Fighters]]