{{EquipmentInfo|20}}

==Introduction==
「ゼロ戦」の名で知られる名機「零式艦上戦闘機」の初期型です。7.7mm機銃2門と自慢の20mm機銃2門を装備。<br />
優れた格闘戦能力と長大な航続距離で、その圧倒的な力を見せつけました。<br />
やがて敵が強力な新型機になってくると、火力と速度、防弾性などの弱点が露呈していきます。

''Known as the "Zero-fighter", this is the intial variant of the "Type Zero Carrier-based Fighter". Equipment included twin 7.7mm machine guns and boasted twin 20mm cannons.<br>
''With far-reaching range and excellent dogfighting ability, it represented overwhelming power.''<br>
''But eventually, when the enemy produced new machines with greater firepower and speed, weaknesses such as ballistic resistance were revealed.''

==Notes==
<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>How To Obtain</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Buildable'''

'''Stock equipment''' of {{Ship/Link|Akagi}}, {{Ship/Link|Chitose Carrier}}, {{Ship/Link|Chiyoda Carrier}}, {{Ship/Link|Hiryuu}}, {{Ship/Link|Kaga}}, {{Ship/Link|Ryuuhou}}, {{Ship/Link|Shoukaku}}, {{Ship/Link|Souryuu}}, {{Ship/Link|Zuikaku}}

'''Upgradeable''' from {{Equipment/Link|Type 96 Fighter}}

'''From quests: '''[[Quests#B119|B119]] (x2, choice), [[Quests#B127|B127]] (x3, choice), [[Quests#C29|C29]] (x3, choice), [[Quests#F90|F90]] (x2, choice)

</div></div>

<div class="mw-collapsible"><h3>Uses</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
'''Used to improve''' {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 21}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Reconnaissance Seaplane}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 21 (Skilled)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 2 Seaplane Fighter Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 3 Fighter Hien}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 32}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 32 (Skilled)}}, {{Equipment/Link|Re.2001 OR Kai}}, {{Equipment/Link|F4F-4}}, {{Equipment/Link|Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model II}}, {{Equipment/Link|Skua}}, {{Equipment/Link|Spitfire Mk.I}}, {{Equipment/Link|FM-2}}

'''Used by quests: '''[[Quests#F22|F22]], [[Quests#F28|F28]], [[Quests#F39|F39]], [[Quests#F51|F51]], [[Quests#F52|F52]], [[Quests#F70|F70]]

</div></div>


<div class="mw-collapsible><h3>Updates History</h3>
<div class="mw-collapsible-content>
* '''2013-04-23:''' '''Implemented''' with initial game release
* '''2015-11-18:''' Card CG updated
* '''2016-06-30:''' Became '''improvable''' and '''upgradeable''' to {{Equipment/Link|Type 0 Fighter Model 32}}
* '''2017-02-28:''' Card CG updated
</div></div>

== Akashi's Improvement Arsenal ==

{{AkashiWorkshop}}
{{AkashiWorkshopLine
| Name = {{PAGENAME}}
| ItemType = GreenPlane
| Fuel = 100
| Ammo = 80
| Steel = 0
| Baux = 250
|Mats0-5 = 2/4
|Mats6-9 = 3/5
|Mats10 = 4/7
|Screws0-5 = 2/3
|Screws6-9 = 2/4
|Screws10 = 3/5
|EquipConsume0-5 = 1x{{GreenPlane|Zero Fighter Type 21}}
|EquipConsume6-9 = 2x{{GreenPlane|Zero Fighter Type 21}}
|EquipConsume10 = 2x{{GreenGunMG|7.7mm Machine Gun}}
| Sun = &nbsp;<br>K
| Mon = &nbsp;<br>K
| Tue = &nbsp;<br>K
| Thu = A<br>&nbsp;
| Fri = A<br>&nbsp;
| Sat = A<br>&nbsp;
| 2ndShip = [[Akagi]]<br/>[[Kaga]]
| Notes =  Upgrades to [[Zero Fighter Type 32]] ★+3.
}}
|}

==Trivia==
* The color scheme of the in-game artwork is based off that of the A6M2 Zero flown by [[wikipedia:Saburō_Sakai|Saburo Sakai]] - V-173, one of Japan's most most famous World War II fighter aces.
* In the 1st episode of the [[Anime|Kancolle Anime]], this plane is seen shooting at an Elite [[Destroyer I-Class|I-class Destroyer]] to rescue [[Fubuki]]. Fighters do not contribute to attack power against ships in the game, but would be realistically capable of firing at ships.

Known to the Imperial Japanese Navy as the 'Type 0 Carrier Fighter', this is one of the finest planes currently serving in any air force. Capable of higher speeds than any comparable American plane, and more maneuverable to boot, it also boasts a hugely powerful armament of two 7.7 mm machine guns and two 20mm cannons which fire explosive shells, giving it the power to shred any enemy in seconds. It has been in service since early 1940, and is known by the codename 'Zeke'.

<h4>Historical Information</h4>

The '''Mitsubishi A6M2''' '''''Type 0 Model 21 Carrier-based Fighter''''' is the initial production variant of the '''A6M ''Type 0 Carrier-based Fighter '''''(also called ''Rei-sen'', but more commonly "''Zero-sen''", with the Allied reporting name "''Zeke''"), the predominant Japanese naval fighter of World War II. The ''0'' in its designation referred to the last digit of Imperial year 2600 (Gregorian year 1940) which it entered service. When encountered, it was codenamed ''Zeke'', but eventually "Zero" became commonplace in Allied speaking.

Development by Mitsubishi started in 1937 whilst its predecessor - the [[Type 96 Fighter|Mitsubishi A5M]] (''Type 96 Carrier-based Fighter) -'' was entering service as the Imperial Japanese Navy began to consider its eventual replacement. Specification ''12-shi'' was sent to Nakajima and Mitsubishi, which both initiated early development phases whilst waiting more complete requirements. 

Assessing the performance and experiences of the then service-fighter A5M, the IJN's final requirements were for the fighter to reach speeds of 600km/h and climb to 3km in 3.5 minutes while being able to operate for as much as 6-8 hours at cruise with drop-tanks. Equipment was to include a complete radio and armament of twin 20mm cannons plus twin 7.7mm machine guns as well as 60kg of bombs. Maneuverability was to be at least equal to the A5M with a wingspan less than 12m so that it could be fielded on aircraft carriers. On top of those lofty specifications, ''Specification 12'' had to use available engines, a significant limitation.

Nakajima's engineering team deemed ''Specification 12''<nowiki/><nowiki>'s targets impossible and resigned from the competition. Jiro Horikoshi, developer of the A5M (and subsequently, the </nowiki>[[Reppuu (Strong Gale)|A7M]]) thought it was feasible only with an aircraft as light as possible. Every possible weight-reduction measure was incorporated into the A6M, including Sumitomo Metal's new top-secret 7075 aluminum alloy, "Extra Super Duralumin". Armor for the pilot, engine or other critical points was dropped, as were self-sealing fuel tanks. It had a cantilever low-wing layout, retractable landing gear and enclosed cockpit. 

The A6M1 prototype, powered by a 780hp Mitsubishi ''Zuisei 13 ''engine, passed its testing in a remarkably short period and was ordered into service as the A6M1. Shortly after, the A6M2 incorporated an engine change suggested by the Navy to the 700hp Nakajima ''Sakae 12. ''The new prototype so greatly surpassed the original specifications that 15 units were sent to battle in China, where they were untouched by planes that troubled the A5M. These results led the Navy to immediately order the A6M2 into production as the Type 0 Model 11.

One of the most advanced aircraft of its time, the A6M2 Zero was lighter and more maneuverable thanks to its aggressive weight-reduction and thus boasted the longest range of any single engined fighter in the war. It could maintain stable flight well below 110km/h, allowing it to out-turn any contemporary Allied fighter. Reports of its performance eventually reached the United States, where they were dismissed as impossible. The A6M2 Type 0 Model 21 in particular introduced folding wingtips so that the plane could better fit onto aircraft carriers, as well as improved range. 2,048 Type 0 Model 21s were constructed by Mitsubishi and Nakajima, including 508 trainers by Hitachi and Sasebo.

Compared to contemporary Allied fighters, however, the anorexic Zero-fighter traded ruggedness and pilot-protection for its maneuverability. This was compounded by its conventional - instead of self-sealing - fuel tanks, which could easily catch fire and explode when shot. Although it could fly a long distance and was difficult to hit, it required little damage to destroy, unlike its opponents.

When powerful Allied aircraft such as the P-38 ''Lightning'', F6F ''Hellcat'' and F4U ''Corsair'' were fielded, the A6M - with its low powered engine - had difficulty competing. Regardless, it was developed further into variants such as the [[Type 52 Zero Fighter|A6M5 Type 0 Model 52]] and [[Type 62 Zero Fighter-bomber|A6M7 Type 0 Model 62]]. The Zero was believed to be a copy of Vought's V-143 fighter, but ultimately such claims were discredited.

==See Also==
[[wikipedia:Mitsubishi A6M Zero#A6M2 Type 0 Model 21|Mitsubishi A6M2 Model 21]]
{{Equipmentlist}}
[[Category:Equipment]]
[[Category:Fighters]]