==In Attendance==

*[[User:Acecipher|Ithaca]]
*[[User:Anged Obscurite|Yukikaze]]
*[[User:Totaku|Totaku]]
*Kuru
*[[User:Patches|Patches]]
*[[User:Gensui_Hime|Gensuihime]]
*Hydragoliath
*[[User:Ravien|Ravien]]
*Evan
*[[User:IbarakiIbuki|Ibaraki Ibuki]]

==Minutes==

# Introduction, people coming in: 10 mins
# Event Update: 50 minutes
#* Who will handle the new stuff/be there?
#** Event Page (Patch notes, Maps, branching, descriptions (likely pulled from KCDB), rewards, strategy, etc.)
#** New shipgirls (Someone to pull stats, someone to pull CGs, someone to TL lines, someone to pull drops from KCDB/quest notes)
#** New Equipment (Someone to pull images, someone to TL description, mechanics)
#** New quests (requires TL for names, figuring out mechanics--likely TLed from Wikiwiki)
#** Frontlining: Anyone?
#* What improvements have we done for the event templates and such?
#** Some of us have been trying to keep as much from the last event as possible to eliminate creation time on the day of the event
#** what do we do about the template issues we had last time?
#** Standardization--[[User:Acecipher|Ithaca]] has been trying to compile a list of standards. Please contact her if you have certain standards that should be included in an official reference document (Currently filenames for ships and equipments are covered, to be expanded later).
# Improving the wiki: 15 minutes
#* Gensui Hime, Ithaca and Wsewolod have been working on takign down the useless ephemera from the wiki: Comment pages, unused images, files, etc.
#The Media Portal-- 10 minutes
#* Improvements so far
#* Should we put what efforts we started on the backburner for the event?
# Ongoing projects: 10 minutes
# Recruitment Drive: 10 Minutes
#* Events need lots of help!
# Comments: 15 minutes

==Meeting Notes==
<hr />






[[Category:Meeting Notes]]