==Overview==
* This map contains 4 phases.
* Three [[LBAS|Land-Based Air Squadrons]] are available for sortie.
** The air base is relocated once you've reached Phase 4.
* There are 2 event quests linked to this map.
* This map has 4 shiplock tags. The shiplock tags are applied on all difficulties, but they are only enforced on '''Hard'''.


The following tags are used in this map:

{{ToolTip|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag6}}|'''Force Z'''|line=false}}{{ToolTip|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag4}}|'''Force H'''|line=false}}{{ToolTip|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag5}}|'''10th Submarine Fleet'''|line=false}} {{ToolTip|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag7}}|'''Force X'''|line=false}}

<span style="color:red";>'''Warning:'''</span> Ships tagged with {{ToolTip|'''Force H'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag4}}}} will force a certain routing, effectively preventing their use in Phase 3 & 4. <span style="color:red">'''This applies for all difficulties.'''</span>


==Phase 1: Defeat the Abyssal Mediterranean Princess==
The boss is a combined fleet located at node {{MapRoute|I|red}}
* This phase uses a '''Single Fleet/Strike Force'''.
* There is air resistance en route to the boss, but the boss itself has no air power.
* The LBAS range to the boss is 6.
* ASW gear should be ignored in favor of using the Vanguard formation to evade the enemy submarines.
* Clearing this phase will automatically unlock the 2nd starting point.

This phase uses the following tag:

{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag6}}

Keep in mind that {{ToolTip|'''Force Z'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag6}}}} is also featured in Phase 4, so plan accordingly.

<tabber>
|-|Option 1=
Composition: '''1CL 5DD 1XX (Fast)'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|1||A|blue|B|red|B2|pink|C2|blue|E|red|I|red}}
* Guarantees the shortest route, but may not be able to defeat the boss.
* Consistent for chipping, but a heavier fleet is desired during Last Dance.

|-|Option 2=
Composition: '''1(F)BB(V) 2CV(B) 1CVL 1CL 2DD'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|1||A|blue|B|red|B1|pink|C1|red|E|red|I|red}}
* A heavier fleet at the cost of having to fight one more battle at {{MapRoute|C1|red}}
* Carriers can make use of the historical bonuses provided by foreign bombers to kill the boss.
</tabber>

==Phase 2: Defeat the European Princess==
The boss is a combined fleet located at node {{MapRoute|O|red}}
* This phase uses a '''Combined Fleet'''.
* The LBAS range to the boss at {{MapRoute|O|red}} is 5.
* Node {{MapRoute|J2|red}} features the highly dangerous '''New Submarine Princess'''.
** Bringing 2 OASW capable ships and/or a LBAS full of ASW aircraft in order to neutralize her is recommended in order to minimize early retreats.
** The LBAS range for node {{MapRoute|J2|red}} is 1.


This phase uses the following tag:

{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag4}}

<span style="color:red";>'''Warning:'''</span> Any '''Combined Fleet''' containing a ship tagged with {{ToolTip|'''Force H'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag4}}}} will be forced to start at point 2, <span style="color:red";>'''regardless of difficulty'''</span>. This effectively means that any ships tagged with {{ToolTip|'''Force H'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag4}}}} cannot be used for phases that involves either {{ToolTip|'''Force Z'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag6}}}} or {{ToolTip|'''Force X'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag7}}}}.

<tabber>
|-|Carrier Task Force=
Composition: '''4CV(B) 1CAV 1SS(V) + 1CL 2DD 1CA 1FBB 1XX (Fast)'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|2||J2|red|L|pink|M|red|O|red}}
* '''XX''' should either be '''FBB''', '''CVL''', '''CAV''' or '''CLT'''.
* Just like Phase 1, carriers can make use of historical bonuses provided by foreign aircraft in order to deal as much damage as possible during daytime.
* The submarine can help tank some of the incoming shots and improve the survival of the main fleet.


|-|Surface Task Force=
Composition: '''4(F)BB(V) 1CV(B) 1XX + 1CL 2DD 1CVL 2CA(V) (Fast)'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|2||J2|red|L|pink|M|red|O|red}}
* '''XX''' should either be '''SS(V)''' or '''CA(V)'''.
* An alternative option that doesn't capitalize on the use of historical aircraft, but chooses to conserve bauxite instead.
* Due to the lack of air power, air sweeping the boss to get a favorable air state is recommended.
* Among the fast battleships, only {{ShipLink|Bismarck}} and {{ShipLink|Richelieu}} have a decent historical bonus. Using STF on Hard might not be desirable due to the lack of historical bonuses.
</tabber>

==Phase 2.5A: Unlock the 3rd starting point==
After defeating the European Princess, the 3rd starting point needs to be unlocked in order to continue.
* To unlock the 3rd starting point, it is necessary to meet the requirements as listed below in the table.

All unlock requirements during this phase uses the following tag:

{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag6}}

{| class="wikitable" 
|-
! Node
! LBAS
! {{MapRoute|F|red}}
! {{MapRoute|G|red}}
|-
| Hard
| AS
| A+
| S
|-
| Medium
| ??
| ??
| -
|-
| Easy
| ??
| ??
| -
|-
| Casual
| ??
| ??
| -
|-
|}

<tabber>
|-|Node F=
Node {{MapRoute|F|red}} features enemy installations and PT-imps.
* Regardless of difficulty, only an A-rank is required to meet this requirement.
* The LBAS range to node {{MapRoute|F|red}} is 5.
* Capitalize on the enemy weaknesses by bringing anti-installation and [[Accuracy,_Evasion_and_Criticals#PT_Imps|anti-PT Imps]] equipment.
* The fleets used to clear node {{MapRoute|F|red}} can also be used to clear node {{MapRoute|G|red}}


===Option 1===
Composition: '''1CV(B) 1CL 5DD (Fast)'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|1||A|blue|B|red|B2|pink|C2|blue|F|red}}
* Guarantees the shortest route to the boss.
* With the right equipment, this fleet should be sufficient for an A-rank.

===Option 2===
Composition: '''1(F)BB(V) 2CV(B) 1CA(V) 1CL 2DD'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|1||A|blue|B|red|B1|pink|C1|red|C2|blue|F|red}}
* A slightly heavier fleet that allows you to use more capital ships, at the cost of having to fight an extra battle at {{MapRoute|C1|red}}

|-|Node G=
Node {{MapRoute|G|red}} mainly consists of enemy destroyers, light cruisers and transport ships.
* Getting an S-rank on node {{MapRoute|G|red}} should not be a problem for any decently equipped fleet.
* The LBAS range to node {{MapRoute|G|red}} is 6
** The enemies at node {{MapRoute|G|red}} are weak, thus it is recommended to use the LBAS for other purposes instead, like LBAS defense.

===Option 1===
Composition: '''1CV(B) 1CL 5DD (Fast)'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|1||A|blue|B|red|B2|pink|C2|blue|E|red|G|red}}
* LoS Cn2 ≤ 40.
* Guarantees the shortest route to the boss, but it is required to '''FAIL''' the LoS check at node {{MapRoute|E|red}}.

===Option 2===
Composition: '''1(F)BB(V) 2CV(B) 1CA(V) 1CL 2DD'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|1||A|blue|B|red|B1|pink|C1|red|C2|blue|E|red|G|red}}
* A slightly heavier fleet that allows you to use more capital ships, at the cost of having to fight an extra battle at {{MapRoute|C1|red}}
* Similar to option 1, it is required to '''FAIL''' the LoS check at node {{MapRoute|E|red}}.

===Option 3===
Composition: '''1(F)BB(V) 2CV(B) 1CA(V)/CVL 2DD (Fast)'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|1||A|blue|B|red|B1|pink|C1|red|C2|blue|E|red|G|red}}
* A variant of option 2 that uses a Single Fleet instead.
* With the absence of a CL, it is no longer necessary to resort to failing the LoS at node {{MapRoute|E|red}} in order to route to {{MapRoute|G|red}}
</tabber>

==Phase 2.5B: Find the New Mediterranean Dreadnought Water Princess==
The boss is still missing after unlocking the 3rd starting point. More steps are required in order to reveal node {{MapRoute|Z2|red}}.
* This step is lenghtier than the previous step and involves the use of multiple shiplock tags.
* <span style="color:red";>'''Warning:'''</span> Do not use {{ToolTip|'''Force H'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag4}}}} tagged ships in '''Combined Fleets''', as that will force the fleet to start at point 2.
** The results can be inconvenient due to more ships being tagged with {{ToolTip|'''Force H'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag4}}}}.

This phase uses the following tags:

{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag6}}{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag5}}{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag7}}

<span style="color:red";>'''Note'''</span>: Only ships tagged with {{ToolTip|'''Force Z'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag6}}}} can be used for the final phase on '''Hard'''.

{| class="wikitable" 
|-
!
! B2
! T1
! T4
! P
! U
! W
! X
|-
| Hard
| AS
| S
| S
| AS
| A+
| A+
| S
|-
| Medium
| ??
| ??
| ??
| ??
| ??
| A+
| S
|-
| Easy
| ??
| ??
| ??
| ??
| ??
| A+
| S
|-
| Casual
| -
| -
| -
| -
| -
| A+
| S
|-
|}

<tabber>
|-|Node B2=
{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag6}}<br />
Composition: '''1CV(L/B) 1CL 5DD (Fast)'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|1||A|blue|B|red|B2|pink}}
* All CL and DDs are to be equipped with ASW equipment, as this route only features submarines.
* The CV(L/B) should only be equipped with fighters.
* The LBAS range to node {{MapRoute|B2|pink}} is 3.
* Due to the strict requirements of the routing, it might be desirable to air sweep node {{MapRoute|B2|pink}} in order to further lower the required air power.

|-|Node T1=
{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag5}}<br />
Node {{MapRoute|T1|red}} features enemy destroyers, light cruisers and transport ships.
* While node {{MapRoute|T1|red}} should be trivial for any decent fleet, getting there might be hard due to the strict requirements.
* Admirals who do not have a Submarine Tender (AS) will have to resort to random routing in order to reach {{MapRoute|T1|red}}
* The LBAS range to node {{MapRoute|T1|red}} is 9.

===Option 1===
Composition: '''1AS 1CL 2CVL 3SS(V)'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|3||Q|blue|S|pink|T2|red|T1|red}}
* Guarantees routing to {{MapRoute|T1|red}}

===Option 2===
Composition: '''6SS(V)'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|3||Q|blue|S|pink|T2|red|T1|red}}
* <span style="color:red";>'''Random routing'''</span> at nodes {{MapRoute|S|red}} and {{MapRoute|T2|red}}
* This option is reserved for admirals without Submarine Tenders.

|-|Node T4=
{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag5}}<br />
Node {{MapRoute|T4|red}} is a surface battle involving an enemy carrier.
* Admirals who do not have a Submarine Tender (AS) will have to resort to random routing in order to reach {{MapRoute|T4|red}}
* The LBAS range to node {{MapRoute|T4|red}} is 10.

===Option 1===
Composition: '''1AS 2CVL 3SS(V)'''
* Routes:
** {{MapRoute|3||Q|blue|S|pink|T3|red|T4|red}}
** {{MapRoute|3||Q|blue|S|pink|T2|red|T3|red|T4|red}}
* Guarantees routing to {{MapRoute|T4|red}}, but the route it takes is random.

===Option 2===
Composition: '''6SS(V)'''
* Routes:
** {{MapRoute|3||Q|blue|S|pink|T3|red|T4|red}}
** {{MapRoute|3||Q|blue|S|pink|T2|red|T3|red|T4|red}}
* <span style="color:red";>'''Random routing'''</span> at nodes {{MapRoute|S|red}} and {{MapRoute|T2|red}}
* This option is reserved for admirals without Submarine Tenders.

|-|Nodes P,U,W and X=
{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag7}}<br />
Nodes {{MapRoute|P|pink|U|purple|W|red|X|red}} can all be reached using the same fleet.
* Any ships used in this phase will be tagged with {{ToolTip|'''Force X'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag7}}}}
** The '''Combined Fleet''' used for this phase will also be used to clear Phase 3.
** Keep in mind that on '''Hard''', you cannot use any ships tagged with {{ToolTip|'''Force X'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag7}}}} for the final boss of this map.
** Avoid bringing {{ShipLink|Akitsushima Kai}} on '''Hard''', as she will be useful for routing purposes during the final phase.
* Node {{MapRoute|R|red}} features the highly dangerous '''New Submarine Princess'''.
** Bringing 2 OASW capable ships and/or a LBAS full of ASW aircraft in order to neutralize her is recommended in order to minimize early retreats.
* Regardless of the chosen fleet, the fleet will always go through nodes {{MapRoute|P|pink}} and {{MapRoute|U|purple}}
** A node support fleet is recommended in order to improve the passing rate of node {{MapRoute|U|purple}}
* Node {{MapRoute|W|red}} features enemy installations and PT imps.
** The LBAS range for this node is 7.
** Only an A-rank is sufficient, regardless of difficulty.
** Keep in mind of the combat flow in a '''Combined Fleet vs Combined Fleet'''. The escort fleet will never attack the enemy main fleet during daytime.
* Node {{MapRoute|X|red}} is a straightforward surface battle featuring multiple Re-class battleships.
** The LBAS range for this node is 9.

===Surface Task Force===
Composition: '''2(F)BB(V) 2CVL 2CA(V)/AV + 1CL 3DD 2XX'''
* Routes:
** {{MapRoute|3||P|pink|R|red|U|purple|V|blue|W|red}}
** {{MapRoute|3||P|pink|R|red|U|purple|V|blue|X|red}}
* XX should either be CA(V), CLT or up to 1 SS(V).
* An all purpose STF that can be outfitted depending on what is required.

===Carrier Task Force===
Composition: '''3CV(L/B) 1(F)BB(V) 2XX + 1CL 3DD 2XX'''
* Routes:
** {{MapRoute|3||P|pink|R|red|U|purple|V|blue|W|red}}
** {{MapRoute|3||P|pink|R|red|U|purple|V|blue|X|red}}
* XX can't be a (F)BB(V) or CV(L/B).
* The use of CTF allows for more air power, but they are also in a disadvantage when fighting enemy single fleets.
** Unlike STF, the escort fleet attacks first in a CTF. This can be a problem at node {{MapRoute|X|red}}
</tabber>

==Phase 3: Clear the TP Phase==
Now that node {{MapRoute|Z2|red}} is unlocked, it is time to clear the TP phase.
* This phase uses a '''Combined Fleet'''. The same fleets used in Phase 2.5B can be used to clear this phase.
* The LBAS range to node {{MapRoute|Z2|red}} is 11.
* The trip to the boss is filled with dangers including a night battle at node {{MapRoute|U|purple}}, the '''New Submarine Princess''' at node {{MapRoute|R|red}} and Re-class battleships at node {{MapRoute|X|red}}
** Due to all the dangers, using a Fleet Command Facility is highly recommended.
** Using node support can improve the pass rate at {{MapRoute|U|purple}}
* The boss is very difficult to defeat on '''Hard'''. Expect the majority of the runs to end with A-ranks.

This phase uses the following tag:

{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag7}}

<tabber>
|-|Surface Task Force=
Composition: '''2(F)BB(V) 2CVL 2CA(V)/AV + 1CL 3DD 2XX'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|3||P|pink|R|red|U|purple|V|blue|X|red|Y|pink|Z|green|Z2|red}}
* XX should either be CA(V), CLT or up to 1 SS(V).
* An all purpose STF that can be outfitted depending on what is required.

|-|Carrier Task Force=
Composition: '''3CV(L/B) 1(F)BB(V) or CV(L/B) 2XX + 1CL 3DD 2XX'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|3||P|pink|R|red|U|purple|V|blue|X|red|Y|pink|Z|green|Z2|red}}
* XX can't be a (F)BB(V) or CV(L/B).
* The use of CTF allows for more air power, but they are also in a disadvantage when fighting the fleet at {{MapRoute|X|red}}
** This issue more relevant now that node {{MapRoute|X|red}} is not the final destination. Keep in mind that a STF does not suffer from this problem.
</tabber>

==Phase 4: Defeat the European Armored Carrier Princess==
Once the TP phase is cleared, the boss at node {{MapRoute|Z3|red}} will automatically be unlocked.
* Once LD is reached, head over to Phase 4.5 to further debuff the boss.
* Upon reaching Phase 4, the following shiplock tagging rules are in effect:
** STF/CTF will now be tagged with {{ToolTip|'''Force Z'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag6}}}}. This means that ships tagged with {{ToolTip|'''Force X'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag7}}}} are now unusable in this phase.
*** As shiplock tags are only enforced on '''Hard''', admirals on lower difficulties can disregard this.
** <span style="color:red";>'''Warning'''</span>: As usual, '''Combined Fleets''' that contains {{ToolTip|'''Force H'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag4}}}} tagged ships will be forced to starting point 2, '''regardless of difficulty'''.
* The LBAS is relocated to the eastern portion of the map. This will change the LBAS range of all nodes.
* The LBAS range for the boss at node {{MapRoute|Z3|red}} is 1.
* As the routing barely changes, the strategy largely remains the same as in Phase 3.
** CTF is not recommended and will not be suggested in this phase.
** Use OASW/ASW aircraft to deal with the '''New Submarine Princess''' at {{MapRoute|R|red}}
** Using Fleet Command Facility is encouraged for chipping the boss.
** A repair node is now available at node {{MapRoute|X1|blue}}
** Using {{ShipLink|Nelson}} is recommended for her touch attack.

This phase uses the following tag:

{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag6}}

<tabber>
|-|Surface Task Force=
===Option 1===
Composition: '''3(F)BB(V) 1CV(B) 1CA(V) 1 Akitsushima Kai + 1CL 2-3DD 2-3XX'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|3||P|pink|R|red|S|pink|U|purple|V|blue|X|red|X1|blue|X2|blue|Z3|red}}
* XX should either be CA(V), CLT or up to 1 SS(V).
* Having {{ShipLink|Akitsushima Kai}} skips an additional air node while allowing repairs if damage was sustained.

===Option 2===
Composition: '''4(F)BB(V) 2CVL + 1CL 2-3DD 2-3XX'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|3||P|pink|R|red|S|pink|U|purple|V|blue|X|red|Y|pink|Z3|red}}
* XX should either be CA(V), CLT or up to 1 SS(V).
* This fleet does not rely on {{ShipLink|Akitsushima Kai}}.
** This fleet will go through an extra air node, but in return, a heavier fleet can be used against the boss.

</tabber>

==Phase 4.5: Debuff the boss and finish her off==
Once LD is reached against the European Armored Carrier Princess, it is now possible to start debuffing the boss.
* All steps can be done with {{ToolTip|'''Force Z'''|{{Shiplock|Summer2021EventTag6}}}} tagged ships.

{| class="wikitable" 
|-
!
! LBAS
! I
! T
! Y
! Z2
|-
| Hard
| AS
| A+
| AS
| AS
| S
|-
| Medium
| ??
| ??
| ??
| ??
| ??
|-
| Easy
| ??
| ??
| ??
| ??
| ??
|-
| Casual
| ??
| ??
| ??
| ??
| ??
|-
|}

<tabber>
|-|Node I=
===Option 1===
Composition: '''1CL 5DD 1XX (Fast)'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|1||A|blue|B|red|B2|pink|C2|blue|E|red|I|red}}
* Guarantees the shortest route and should be sufficient for an A-rank.

===Option 2===
Composition: '''1(F)BB(V) 2CV(B) 1CVL 1CL 2DD'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|1||A|blue|B|red|B1|pink|C1|red|E|red|I|red}}
* A heavier fleet at the cost of having to fight one more battle at {{MapRoute|C1|red}}
* Carriers can make use of the historical bonuses provided by foreign bombers to kill the boss.


|-|Node T=
===Carrier Task Force===
Composition: '''4CV(L/B) 1(F)BB(V) 1XX + 1CL 2DD 3XX
* Route: {{MapRoute|3||P|pink|R|red|S|pink|T|pink}}
* XX can be anything inside the rules of a '''Carrier Task Force''' formation.

===Surface Task Force===
Composition: '''2CA(V) 2CVL 2XX + 1CL 2DD 3XX
* Route: {{MapRoute|3||P|pink|R|red|S|pink|T|pink}}
* XX should be anything that can contribute to the air power, like AV, CAV and BBV.
* Albeit difficult without the use of LBAS, it is not impossible to clear node {{MapRoute|T|pink}} using a STF instead.

|-|Nodes Y and Z2=
===Surface Task Force===
Composition: '''4(F)BB(V) 1CVL 1CVL or {{ShipLink|Akitsushima Kai}} + 1CL 2-3DD 2-3XX'''
* Route: {{MapRoute|3||P|pink|R|red|S|pink|U|purple|V|blue|X|red|Y|pink|Z|blue|Z2|red}}
* XX should either be CA(V), CLT or up to 1 SS(V).
* Equip at least 3 Drum Canisters. It is not required to equip drums across 3 ships.
* Equip enough fighters on the carriers to ensure AS is achieved on node Y.
</tabber>