''The advice on this page is just general advice. For more personalised advice, you are welcome to join the [https://discord.gg/fAK6K9j ENWiki Discord].''

=Introduction=

This article is meant to be a brief primer to get you started on preparing for [[Events]]. Please refer to the main articles in each section for more in-depth help. Generally, Admirals should be ready to tackle Casual difficulty after about 2-4 weeks of play. 

=General Tips=

* There is no need to rush the event. C2 gives plenty of time for people to complete the event.
* If your fleet is struggling, you can wait for the [[Friend Fleet]]s to arrive. These generally make the event easier.
** FFs may not be implemented for every map.
** Some FFs may be added late into the event.
* It is good to set your event targets early to prepare your fleets. For example:
** Do you want to just finish the event?
** Do you want to earn all the new girls?
** Do you want to farm maps to complete your collection?
** Do you want certain equipment rewards?
* Newer Admirals may want to put off starting the event until at least the Extra Operations are released. This allows the frontliners to tease out the optimal strategies.

=Fleet Preparation=
{{Main|Help:Ship Priority}}

The bare minimum fleet required to clear an event on Casual/Easy is '''7DD 1CL 3CA/V 4FBB 2CV 2CVL'''. This covers all [[Combined Fleet]] compositions but does not have the capacity to deal with ship locking. Thus if you intend to complete an event on Medium/Hard, you will either need substitutes or duplicates. Refer to the main article for more details on high-tier ship girls to help you determine who to focus on.

===Casual/Easy===
* As a general rule of thumb, the minimum requirements for girls should be:
** Casual: Max modernisation
** Easy: Base remodel, max modernisation
* New Admirals '''should not''' bother with trying to preemptively level girls for potential historical routing/bonuses.
** Many of these girls are just average and it is ill advised to waste your time and resources on speculation.
** All round high-tier girls will still serve you well through brute force.
* While the bare minimum amount of DD for a TCF is 7, you can just focus on 3 strong ones to start off with.
** Only the 3DDs in the TCF escort will be doing the bulk of the fighting.
* Having one of the CVLs be [[Zuihou|Zuihou Kai Ni B]] will be useful for supporting a TCF.
* CAVs are generally only useful in events if you have the [[:Category:Seaplane_Fighters|SPFs]] to back them up. Otherwise, leveling powerful combat CAs would be better.

===Medium===
* As a general rule of thumb, your girls should be level 60-70+ before attempting Medium. Ideally, they should have their Kai Ni as well.
** At this difficulty, you will want to begin [[Modernization#Luck_Modernisation|luckmodding]] your cut-in girls.
* You will need to take into consideration ship locking when planning your event fleet. The amount of substitutes or duplicates you will require vary from event to event. As a general rule of thumb:
** Small (3 maps): 
** Medium (4-5 maps): 
** Large (6+ maps): 
* You should not be bothering trying to preemptively level girls for potential historical routing/bonuses. '''Unless you have already built up your core fleet'''.
* You want a wider array of ship types to meet the routing requirements and strategies. 
** BBV, CAV, CVE, AV, DE, SS
** Specialised DD: anti-installation, daihatsu carrier, OASW, AACI
* Having the Big 7 ([[Nagato]], [[Mutsu]], [[Nelson]]) is nice but not necessary.

===Hard===
* As a general rule of thumb, your girls should be Kai Ni before attempting hard. For those without a Kai Ni, they should be decently leveled and be maxed modernised. 
** [[Modernization#Luck_Modernisation|Luckmodding]] your girls for a wider selection of cut-in ships is '''highly recommended'''
** Having a few key girls (even HP, low armour) [[Modernization#HP_Modernisation|HP modded]] is advised too.
* Similar to Medium, you will need plenty of substitutes and duplicates to account for ship locking.
* You should not be bothering trying to preemptively level girls for potential historical routing/bonuses. '''Unless you have already built up your core fleet'''.
* You want a wider array of ship types to meet the routing requirements and strategies. 
** BBV, CAV, CVE, AV, DE, SS
** Specialised DD: anti-installation, daihatsu carrier, OASW, AACI
* Having the Big 7 ([[Nagato]], [[Mutsu]], [[Nelson]]) can be necessary for smooth event completion.

=Equipment Preparation=
{{Main|Help:Equipment Setup|Help:Akashi Upgrades}}

To start off, you will want a core set of equipment that can be used across a wide variety of girls. Said equipment should also be upgraded if you can manage it. Utility and specialised equipment isn't strictly necessary until harder difficulties. 

===Casual/Easy===
Key equipment should be upgraded to at least '''★+1'''. Refer to the main article on Akashi Upgrades for priorities.

* Small Caliber High Angle x6
* Medium Caliber Main Gun x8
* [[35.6cm Twin Gun Mount]] x4
* [[41cm Twin Gun Mount]] x4
* Reconnaissance Seaplane x7
* [[Type 96 Land Attacker]] x6-8
* Torpedo Bombers x2
* Dive Bombers x2
* Carrier Fighters x8
* [[Zero Fighter Type 21]] x4 (For LBAS)
* [[Saiun]]
* [[Type 91 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell]] x4
* [[Type 3 Shell]] x3
* Torpedoes x6
* [[Type 3 Depth Charge]] x2
* [[Type 3 SONAR]] x4
* [[Type A Ko-hyoteki]] x2

===Medium===
Equipment should be at least '''★+4-6'''. 

* [[10cm Twin High-angle Mount + Anti-Aircraft Fire Director]] x6
* [[20.3cm(no.2) Twin Gun Mount]] x6
* [[20.3cm(no.3) Twin Gun Mount]] x6
* [[Prototype 35.6cm Triple Gun Mount]] x4
* [[Prototype 41cm Triple Gun Mount]] x4
* [[46cm Triple Gun Mount]] x12
* [[61cm Quint (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount]] x9
* [[Zero Fighter Type 53 (Iwamoto Squadron)]] (At ★+10)
* [[Zero Fighter Type 21 (Skilled)]] x4
* [[Tenzan Model 12 (Tomonaga Squadron)]]
* [[Tenzan Model 12 (Murata Squadron)]]
* [[Suisei (Egusa Squadron)]]
* [[Type 1 Land Attacker]] x8
* [[Type 1 Fighter Hayabusa Model III A]] x2
* [[Type 0 Reconnaissance Seaplane Model 11B (Skilled)]] x1
* [[Type 98 Recon Seaplane (Night Scout)]] x1
* [[Type 0 Recon SeaPlane Model 11 B]] x2
* [[:Category:Seaplane Fighter|Seaplane Fighter]] x4
* [[Type 13 Air RADAR Kai]] x1
* [[Type 22 Surface RADAR]] x18
* [[Searchlight]] x1
* [[:Category:Amphibious Tank|Tanks]] x2
* [[:Category:Landing Craft|Landing Craft]] x8 (At least 2 T89 to pair with the tanks)
* [[Star Shell]] x1

===Hard===
''Equipment listed here is meant for optimising strategies on top of the ones recommended for Medium.''

Beyond having the recommended Medium equipment at '''★+10''', you will be wanting event-only and/or high-end equipment from quests/improvement. Your equipment should be a minimum of '''★+6'''. You can start expanding your equipment collection to include niche equipment such as {{RedGunLight}} for fit bonuses. Leveling dupe girls for rare equipment is also a good idea. In addition to most things under Medium difficulty, you may want:

* [[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-C Kai 2]]
* [[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-D Kai 2]]
* [[12.7cm Twin Mount Type-B Kai 4 (Wartime Modifications) + Anti-Aircraft Fire Director]]
* [[Prototype 51cm Twin Gun Mount]]
* [[38cm Quad Gun Mount Kai]]
* [[16in Triple Gun Mount Mk.7]]
* [[46cm Triple Gun Mount Kai]]
* [[41cm Triple Gun Mount Kai Ni]]
* [[10cm Twin High-angle Gun Mount Kai + Additional Machine Guns]]
* [[8cm Twin High-angle Mount + Additional Machine Guns]]
* [[12cm 30 Tube Rocket Launcher Kai 2]]
* [[Prototype 61cm Sextuple (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount]]
* [[61cm Quad (Oxygen) Torpedo Mount Late Model]]
* [[Reppuu (601 Air Group)]] (★+10)
* [[Type 97 Torpedo Bomber (Tomonaga Squadron)]] (Duplicates)
* [[Type 99 Dive Bomber (Egusa Squadron)]] (Duplicates)
* [[Zero Fighter Type 62 (Fighter-bomber/Iwai Squadron)]] (★+10)
* [[Suisei Model 22 (634 Air Group/Skilled)]]
* [[Suisei Model 12 (634 Air Group w/ Type 3 Cluster Bombs)]]
* [[Suisei Model 12 (w/ Type 31 Photoelectric Fuze Bombs)]]
* [[:Category:Night Planes|Night Planes]]
* [[Type 2 Flying Boat]] x3
* [[Prototype Toukai]]
* [[:Category:Interceptors|Land-Based Interceptors]]
* [[Improved Steam Turbine]]
* [[New High Pressure-Temperature Steam Boiler]]
* [[Type 1 Armor-Piercing (AP) Shell]]
* [[Type 3 Shell Kai]]
* [[WG42 (Wurfgerät 42)]]

=Resource Stockpiling=
{{Main|Help:Resource Farming}}

As a general rule, you do not need a stockpile of primary resources ({{Fuel}}{{Ammo}}{{Steel}}{{Bauxite}}) in order to clear the event. Event periods are long enough to clear on your intended difficulty with natural regeneration. Stockpiling primary resources is still a good idea if you intend to do a lot of farming for rare event-only girls. Fuel and steel will be the most used resource followed by ammo. Bauxite use can vary wildly depending on enemy anti-air strength and LBAS utilisation. It is also necessary for frontlining, but that is beyond the scope of this article. '''Therefore, you should not neglect leveling your girls and improving your equipment to stockpile.'''

You will need a decent stockpile of buckets {{IR}} and flamethrowers {{IC}}. These resources are used liberally throughout the event and are relatively difficult to get in mass quantity during the limited event period. 

Refer to the main article on resource farming for details on how you go about farming the necessary resources.

The minimum recommended stockpiles noted in this section are for '''clearing and farming a large-scale event'''. This is just the worse case scenario, smaller scale events will use less resources. Resource use can also vary depending on the preparedness of your fleet. Attempting to "punch above your weight" can result in significantly higher resource drain. In addition, it is important to note that farming for returning event girls can result in much greater resource loss depending on drop luck.

===Casual/Easy===

* {{IR}}''': ''' 100~300
* {{IC}}''': ''' 300~500
* {{Fuel}}{{Ammo}}{{Steel}}''': ''' Soft cap ~ 60,000
* {{Bauxite}}''': ''' Soft cap ~ 40,000

===Medium===

* {{IR}}''': ''' 500~800
* {{IC}}''': ''' 700~900
* {{Fuel}}{{Ammo}}{{Steel}}''': ''' 100,000
* {{Bauxite}}''': ''' 60,000

===Hard===

* {{IR}}''': ''' 700~1,000
* {{IC}}''': ''' 1,000~1,500
* {{Fuel}}{{Ammo}}{{Steel}}''': ''' 200,000
* {{Bauxite}}''': ''' 120,000

=Information Sources=

It is not necessary to know the primary sources of event information. Nearly all sources require knowing Japanese in order to get anything out of it. The staff on the Wiki will be compiling information on the sandbox page for each event map. 

An example link is: https://en.kancollewiki.net/Sandbox/Summer_2019_E-1. Simply change the event name and map to the appropriate event. 

'''Disclaimer: Information on sandbox pages is constantly in flux as more information becomes known. Keep an eye on the main event page for the completed map guides.'''

=See Also=
[[Event]]
{{Help}}