==Speculation==
Due to clearing ''the sea around Naval district'', perhaps Anchorage Hime will be the new boss of [[World 1]] or ''just'' [[World_1#World_1-1:_.E9.8E.AE.E5.AE.88.E5.BA.9C.E6.AD.A3.E9.9D.A2.E6.B5.B7.E5.9F.9F_Sea_in_Front_of_the_Naval_Base|World 1-1]]? Hard Mode coming soon<sup>TM</sup>?
*  [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Anime/@comment-KuroPercher-20150108030106?permalink=158345#comm-158345 KuroPercher a], [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Anime/@comment-KuroPercher-20150108030106/@comment-KuroPercher-20150108131002?permalink=158487#comm-158487 KuroPercher b], [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Anime/@comment-KuroPercher-20150108030106/@comment-KuroPercher-20150108131002?permalink=158487#comm-158487 KuroPercher c], [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Anime/@comment-KuroPercher-20150108030106/@comment-Kitahara-20150108031351?permalink=158347#comm-158347 Kitahara]

Or

Due to the using three fleets, it may be an [[Events|event map]] ala [[Summer_2014_Event|Summer 2014]] & [[Fall_2014_Event|Fall 2014]] or from Shoukaku's presence, the first game event, [[Spring_2013_Event|Spring 2013]]
* [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Anime/@comment-KuroPercher-20150108030106/@comment-Supercrit-20150108094653?permalink=158439#comm-158439 Supercrit], [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Anime/@comment-KuroPercher-20150108030106/@comment-Juuryoushin-20150108104354?permalink=158459#comm-158459 Juuryoushin]
{{clear}}


{| class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable"
|-
! colspan="1" |[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Anime/@comment-0332288-20150119063238/@comment-140.0.248.166-20150119154735?permalink=162059#comm-162059 140.0.248.166 on characterization]
|-
|Fanon elements cannot be too prominent in an anime broadcast due to prior art rules governing intellectual property of broadcast material. This is different from paper publications like the 4-koma where prior art rules largely concern visual depictions and not characterization. To summarize a complex situation, technically Kadokawa Anime can be sued by the first person to depict Nagato as a loli predator (provided such person can prove it) but Kadokawa Manga can't be sued for the same person for their 4-koma because they own Momoi Ryouta's work on kancolle. This is because loli predator Nagato is a derivative character but Momoi Ryouta's loli predator Nagato is MOMOI RYOUTA's derivative character. Of course, Kadokawa GAMES, who own original Nagato, can then sue the guy who created loli predator Nagato for making an unlicensed derivative character. Yeah, that sounds dumb as heck, but such is the nature of IP laws. 

Note that this specifically applies to Kadokawa's case as owner of both anime and game. If, say, Sunrise had licensed kancolle instead then they would likely have made the effort to depict characters differently, because then they'd have LICENSED derivative characters who can be further licensed for merchandising profit. They might even try to make original kanmusu for maximum gain.

It's just overall easier to avoid the headache by keeping the anime characters as close as possible to their game characters. It's also generally a good idea for the company to keep official depictions under control. One good example for why this is can be seen in the Marvel Spider-verse arc of Amazing Spiderman, where nearly all Spidey incarnations (and even Leopardon!) have made an appearance, except for about 8 derivatives which Marvel have lost rights to thanks to complex licensing. This kind of thing is also the reason Marvel has been trying to retcon the comic universe to match the movie universe to preserve a semblance of lore integrity, yet ignored the X families. This is because the mutants' movie selves are derivative characters belonging to the licensee. Kadokawa is similarly just trying to keep away from the headache of maintaining control over 180 plus kanmusu and their derivatives by maintaining multimedia character integrity from the start.
|}

{| class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable"
|-
! colspan="1" |[http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Talk:Anime/@comment-0332288-20150119063238/@comment-115.66.154.93-20150121061910?permalink=162381#comm-162381 115.66.154.93 on fanon]
|-
|One problem about pandering to fanon is that different people have different opinions on the character of each kanmusu, and one man's meat is another's poison. Take Nagamon for example. Folks like to make fun of her but the people who really like her would be furious if the anime had decided to portray her as the buffoon that is so prevalent in fanon. Not to mention it looks stupid to have an idiot as a vice commander in a (for now) semi-serious series (though I admit that a Nagato that is a good soldier but still retains a feminine side appeals to me =3). 

The other problem is that trying to squeeze every attribute in fanon into a cour anime runs the risk of not focusing what really matters, in this case, Fubuki's development. Of course bits of fanon can still make their way into the anime but only if they don't derail the process. Akagi's appetite was included partly to show Fubuki that her idol is ultimately still just a (more or less) kanmusu like she is. The usual Akagi that we see in fanon is one that rivals Nagamon in silliness and messes up just as much. Hardly the image of some who's the Pride of the 1st CarDiv.

At the end of the day, it is up to Kadokawa to decide what they want in their game and anime. I rather have a story that at least knows what it wants and does what it should, than to have one that spirals out of control and ends up as a wreck just because folks tried too hard to please everyone and ended up pleasing none.
|}