==Time to get to work==
Step 1: Decide on a format for each individual page.

Step 2: Clean up the format in each individual page.

Step 3: Clean up the lines and translations in each individual page.

Step 4: Clean up the format for the main page.

Thoughts? [[User:Iamadooddood|Iamadooddood]] ([[User talk:Iamadooddood|talk]]) 09:20, 23 April 2015 (UTC)

:I rather choose to use Mediawiki Tables and do it similar to [[:zh:季节性/2周年纪念台词|zh side]], thoughts? - [[User:KyoriAsh|KyoriAsh]] ([[User talk:KyoriAsh|talk]]) 10:36, 23 April 2015 (UTC)
:A table would look great. As I've stated before, I support ordering by Dex #, and the ship division by classes (DD, CL, etc.) seems neat. I don't think an extra section grouping ships by seiyuu (See [[Seasonal/2014_Christmas_Voice_Lines#Grouped_by_Seiyuu|here]]) is worthwhile, but I'd like to see others' opinions. [[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 12:16, 23 April 2015 (UTC)

Ordering by dex number sucks. I still say ordering by class is better. Specifically, this order: [[http://wikiwiki.jp/kancolle/?%B4%CF%CC%BC%A5%AB%A1%BC%A5%C9%B0%EC%CD%F72]] [[User:Iamadooddood|Iamadooddood]] ([[User talk:Iamadooddood|talk]]) 17:20, 23 April 2015 (UTC)

: I'm also for tables, and think Dex order is nice as a uniform standards reference. Also it's extensible far more easily than the class order, and we won't have to go elsewhere to find it. Furthermore we use it in our file naming. Its a critical part of the ships ID that even ship must have, and so I say we keep using it. [[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 23:00, 23 April 2015 (UTC)

==Renovation==
This isn't being kept up very well. Missing stuff to format later: 
*[[Seasonal/Rainy_Season_Update]]
*[[Seasonal/Early Summer Season Update]]
*For the love of God, these all need to be reformatted like [[Seasonal/Early Summer Season Update|the most recent]] article; why are users forced to scroll 5+ pages to actually reach content? (having a heading for every ship is silly)
*This is linked from the front page, so it'd better look nice...I'll probably end up having to make all of these changes myself. [[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 13:26, 10 July 2015 (UTC)

==Merging Articles==
Someone on IRC found it odd that pages for specific seasons aren't merged. Combining [[Seasonal/Early Summer Season Update]] with [[Seasonal/Mid Summer Season Update]] and so on is a possiblity, and doesn't take very much work at all. However, the content is released on separate dates, so there may be merit in keeping them separate. If anyone has thoughts on this, please post them here. [[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 22:10, 29 October 2015 (UTC)
:I'm pretty alright with combining the seasonal articles in this fashion.  I feel that the only real concern is whether the resulting merger is too long in length.  The issue of release dates can be resolved using this method:
::<nowiki>==July 11th Update==</nowiki>
::<nowiki>===CG===</nowiki>
::  ...
::<nowiki>===Voice Lines===</nowiki>
::<nowiki>====Destroyers====</nowiki>
::  ...
::<nowiki>==July 28th Update==</nowiki>
::  ...
:[[User:IbarakiIbuki|IbarakiIbuki]] ([[User talk:IbarakiIbuki|talk]]) 03:27, 30 October 2015 (UTC)

==Old Seasonal Files Missing==
Due to not-yet-refined pulling methods, an insufficiently active community, or whatever else, all voice files are missing from [[Seasonal/Christmas 2013]] to [[Seasonal/Second Anniversary]] with a few exceptions. Uploading these at some point would be nice, but I don't image many people use these pages in the first place [[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 22:10, 29 October 2015 (UTC)