== Chatroom? ==

I like the look of the new Kancolle wiki but miss the chatroom from the old one. If we could add something like a chatango link that'd be great
:I find the IRC to work very well and it helps people focus more on discussing wiki content rather than anonymous stuff (hentai and memes). [[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 20:57, 22 April 2015 (UTC)
:: We can keep the irc as wiki content specific and link some kind of general chat room. Or create two rooms? I found the chatroom from the old wiki useful when events roll around and people share information rather then going through threads on the wiki. [[User:Setherzam|Setherzam]] ([[User talk:Setherzam|talk]]) 21:55, 23 April 2015 (UTC)
::There's a #kancolle IRC, though I've never used it and I'm not sure if it's active. I do sympathize with event strategy collaboration; I wonder if anyone wants to establish Skype groups, as that has always been my favourite medium of communication (Smaller groups can be more helpful than an entire micro-community asking questions and making statements at once, though I never kept up with those centered on the old wiki community).[[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 23:56, 23 April 2015 (UTC)
::I'm personally against Skype groups as any form of official or evenly endorsed communication medium. My experience with Skype groups is that it grows too large and then shit hits the fan either because of ridiculous people or the chat gets so fucking cluttered even a gaming desktop starts dying trying to load shit in it. IRC is the most active medium of communication at the moment. [[User:Remi Scarlet|Remi Scarlet]] ([[User talk:Remi Scarlet|talk]]) 06:52, 7 June 2015 (UTC)
::The #kancolle room has recently begun to be more active than in previous weeks; people tend to lurk there a lot, so if questions are raised, and you can wait around a while for a response, you probably will find someone, and then more people will start popping up from the woodwork. And yes, skype would be problematic, especially if someone starts a random group call at 11PM PST, and editors in the East coast are disturbed in their sleep. Though people are free to add me on skype for when I'm on, if you PM me on IRC or somesuch. [[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 05:11, 8 June 2015 (UTC)