==Participation==
I probably won't be front-lining this time, and we shouldn't expect anyone to, so I propose dedicated pages in the namespace ''Summer_2015_Event'' for reporting enemy fleet compositions, branching possibilities, drops, and so on. Maybe [[User:Acecipher]]'s google method will work this time around. [[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 03:57, 5 July 2015 (UTC)
::"won't not be"...? Not sure if typo or actually a double negative. On a side-note, I'll be frontlining like a moron once again wheeee [[User:Remi Scarlet|Remi Scarlet]] ([[User talk:Remi Scarlet|talk]]) 19:17, 27 July 2015 (UTC)
:I splurged all 50k of my bauxite acquiring Bismarck, so I won't be participating directly in the event to any capacity. I'll just post whatever you fellows find. [[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 22:10, 7 August 2015 (UTC)

==Reports==
:I found another quest after completing 「 工廠」 倉庫の整理整頓 (scrapping 6 equips I know): its a sortie quest with a reward of 0 250 0 250 (can't confirm but something to do with sinking a flagship or subs...? then after that, E-3 unlocked?) [[User:Yamato JagdYamato|Yamato JagdYamato]] ([[User talk:Yamato JagdYamato|talk]]) 17:00, 10 August 2015 (UTC -8)
:: Never mind I confirmed it (neutralizing flagship sub @ E-2 B node) [[User:Yamato JagdYamato|Yamato JagdYamato]] ([[User talk:Yamato JagdYamato|talk]]) 17:30, 10 August 2015 (UTC -8)
::So, just to clarify in case of confusion: The condition is to sink six subs. This CAN be the flagship sub, but it really is just sinking six subs. I saw a friend do it on 1-5. [[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 08:14, 11 August 2015 (UTC)

==Archiving==
One point [[User:Anged Obscurite]] and I brought up early on in the event was the expedience of having multiple articles to house the event map content. Currently, for someone with a low-spec setup and dismally slow internet, the page is a hassle to load up for viewing and is even harder to edit (though a lot of this may have been server load in the heat of the event..?). For the purpose of housing historical event content on the wiki, can we discuss forking it in the same fashion as wikiwiki's articles? As you've probably seen, they have a page for E-1 to E-4 and an additional one for E-5 to E-7. Posting on-site seems to draw more constructive input, so I'll put this here. '''Of course''', the event isn't over at the time of writing, so this is an issue for the coming weeks (or much later, given our trend). Thanks. [[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 16:33, 3 September 2015 (UTC)