==In Attendance==
*[[User:Gensui Hime|Gensuihime]]
*[[User:Totaku|Totaku]] (partial)
*[[User:Patches|Patches]]
*Hydra Goliath
*[[User:Ravien|Ravien]]
*Zak (partial)
*[[User:Remi Scarlet|Remi Scarlet]]
*[[User:Tomosumi Sato|Tomosumi]]
*[[User:Anged Obscurite|Anged Obscurite]]
*[[User:Kurururocks|春雨ｶﾜｲｲ]]

==Minutes==
#Welcome/people being late--10 minutes (If you don’t get here in this time we are starting without you)
#Wiki progress updates 
#Phase II progress: Patches
#Summer Event:
##New ships and content
##Maps and data gathering Combine Fleet Operations liketo also incude secodn half of event
##Handling data collecting if the event comes up late (which is a given probability)
##Operation Cardboard Box: Totaku
#Dealing with Danbooru and Himeuta (this goes hand in hand with Operation Cardboard Box talk.
#Kai Ni dialogue and the possibility of tabbers, How should we handle them? -Totaku, Yukikaze, Wsewolod (maybe?)

Conclusion/wrap-up/questions


______________________________________________________________________________

Summer event very few incoming links

Same difficulty system - Easy, Medium, Hard (But with conditions like Spring 2015 Event)
You must complete previous difficulty

Multiple shiplocks will exist. Most likely.

2-3 tags potentially

Combined fleet will make an appearance.

Zak’s mic works. (unrelated?)

5 or more Kanmusus. Probably more since devs.

Very large event with a total of seven maps. 

Something about equipment and planes.

Crane Sisters Kai Ni upcoming - Probably during or in the end of event.

New bosses concerning Abyssals. More installation enemies?

Genschway and NotHereYuto needs to fetch images n voices
Gensui will attempt to fetch maps and other shit during server updates since he can

We will be using tabbers for ship quotes. We may be using either Remi’s LUA or Yukikaze’s Template method. 

Patches and the Himeuta move: Status On hold, working on making sure basic fuctions work on new sever. 


Remi to fix EnemyEncounters module

Patches to fix Common.css

Further discussion needed on File Standardization

==Totaku’s Presentation for the 2nd SN Operation Meeting==

Greeting everyone this it Totaku here. Due to the fact that upcoming meeting is going to be held before midnight. I had decided to compose a letter to openly be viewed by one of the members of the meeting that will be there. He will be reading it on my behalf and there is a lot I want to discuss regarding this upcoming update. As this will be the most intense session that we’ll be dealing with as the event draws near…

===Regarding Wiki Progress===

I’m glad to say that progress with he wiki is coming along gradually, most of the core elements form this update did get in. We still have a few things we could sort out… (Furniture, new lines for Abukuma, ect) but on the most part these have been dealt with. I’ve been talking to the people about expanding outside of normal grounds to compose of a new way to format content to allow for an easier read (which will be discussed later on in the meeting). Otherwise, I have nothing to add to this subject.

===Quick Thought on Phase II===

If we can get this forum set up by August 10th the better off we’ll be. We can worry about establishing grounds afterward, but I will be giving advice on the matter ONCE we get Himeuta’s forum situated.

===Preparing for the Second SN Operation Update===

I am going to urge this as much as possible, but I want to remind you that this update will be a whole lot different from the standard game updates as this is where a lot of content and new mechanics get generally added.

To review what is coming for this update here’s a list of what we’re expecting:


# 6 new kammusu (Teruzuki + 5 other ship girls)
# A large scale even map (likely to have 6 new maps)
# The strong possibility of a new system being implemented (there’s been hints that point to the associated wih planes)
# Shoukaku and Zuikaku’s Kai Ni
# New Abyssal Bosses and maybe new abyssals
# New Equipment

This means for the data mining team(Yuto, Gensui, and Chronomeister) they will be working a lot more compared the before hand. So summarize the list of what is expected to be pulled here’s how I can summarize it…



# About 30+ images to be pulled (New Kanmusu + kai variants, new abyssals, new abyssal bosses (and maybe enemies too) + damage portraits, Zuikaku and Shoukaku Kai Ni and thier damage portraits)
# 7 or more maps + map banners
# 2 - 5 new game music (for the event)
# 130 + Voice lines (This includes the average of 20 lines per new kanmusu, Shoukaku and Zuikaku kai ni’s new lines, and abyssal bosses lines.
# The Possibility of Late Summer Lines and CG art for some Kanmusu
# The possibility of additional things that may be implemented with the new system (graphical stuff)
# New equipment graphics
# Data on new kanmusu, Abyssals and equipment

Again, the images of the new Kanmusu is going o be VERY IMPORTANT to acquire FIRST for my part of the operation (Operation CardBoard Box which I’ll discuss later...)

As for content management (Wsewolod, Yukikaze, and Ravi) I would like them to be at the ready to work on content on the event, new kanmusu, new systems (if any), and Abyssal Data and so forth. There will be a lot of cover of the time of the event.

For updates note: Tomosumi should resume this as usual. Please remember to update the update section as well as you translate!

For translating new lines: I’m leaving this in the hands of Yuto, Tomosumi and Ryuma as always. If you can round up others please do so! You will have your hands full this update as we will need to make sure content is updated fast and efficiently! 

As a key reminder, updating the content for this update will be very important. so we must be ready to go the extra mile!



===Why is this so important?===



Believe it or not, this is actually the time of the season when most Kancolle players will come out of hiding. During off event periods, only 40-50% of most players are actively communicating, the others usually go into hiding until Events happen, and when events occur there will be a boom in player activity which you must be prepared for!

Most of these players will usually be supportive of the wiki they are most familiar with (which in the case would be wikia) You will have to be very alert, very active and very participative as these players will try to drown out our wiki during the event session. You need to come up with a way to make the wiki stand out in the crowd. This is especially key for the event! I’ll explain more abou this in a later section.

===When should we expect the Event to be launched?===


On August the 10th, we should be be expecting he Kancolle game to go down at arround 11 AM JST.  Unlike normal maintenance time frames which generally last for 6 hours and usually come up at 5 PM JST (for us in the US that’s 1 AM PST / 2 AM MST / 3 AM CST / 4 AM EST). The Event maintenance time is generally expanded between 1-2 hours more. Since this is a large scale event, we should likely expect it to take two more hours to complete.

This should put it at 7 PM JST (or for the US 3 AM PST / 4 AM MST / 5 AM CST/ 6 AM EST)

Usually servers open up approximately around an hour before maintenance is over.

Therefore I will be asking the team to be up at around 2 AM PST / 3 AM MST / 4 AM CST / 5 AM EST for those in the US. This should be right around when the updates get pushed out. And as I’ve learned when the updates are being released on the twitter, that is also when one should proceed datamining as the servers are most likely open. If no, check every other minute.

Once data mining is happening I will continue to upload images as usual and the team will continue to work as assigned. Again I will address we need to be in top form for this update.


===What if there is a delay?===


Events are usually also one of the very few times a delay can happen as there have been cases where it’s happened before. Delays may vary and can last anywhere between an hour all the way to 10 hours (Fall 2013 was the only case the game got delayed that long, with Midway being the second most [4-6 hours])

In the event of a delay. If they give a confirmed time, set your alarms to wake up at said time and plan accordingly. Otherwise, I advise you to try to stay awake and be ready in the event of ANY CHANCES. Once a time is given for event note releases, be ready to assist in the operation ASAP. As we will be expected to work on this quickly and efficiently!

My only advice is to stay strong and do what you can to wait as time passes till they get the update out. I will be making sure I have lots of caffine ready for this night so I don’t have to fear the risk of sleep till this is all over.

===Operation Cardboard Box===


For those that do not know, Operation Cardbox box is a planned operation I took on about 3 months ago where I made use of the Data Mining team and always prioritized them to get images of the kanmusu first… why is this? Because I undertook a planned operation that has since then taken it’s routes on one of the largest image hosting sites known by the general populous…. Danbooru.

With the launch of Operation Cardboard box, upon the moment, I get the images of the nes kanmusu I uploaded them to our wiki and them almost right away proceed to do the same on danbooru. And after perfecting a technique to allow me to upload stuff rather quickly, I’ve gotten to the point where I can say I have made a tremendous impact over on Danbooru.


We have control of the area thanks to my extensive hard work over there. But with the event coming up, the real test is about to begin….

As you all may remember, Ryuma posted an image from danbooru where they put the wikia up as (old). I asked him about if he took a picture of said image, and he told me that he didn’t and that it was an image taken by… Shinhaw Lee. 

I asked Ryuma to present me the conversation this took place and after he presented to me the picture. I got to see that while most things in the conversation were pretty neutral. It was clear that Shinhaw was not very happy about the labeling of the wikia claiming it was”offensive and mean) 

Though her tone did not show it, she seem to show an indication that she may not be fond of our wiki and KCUSA (even though she was once a part of both, but as most of you know, she became a subject of controversy on both of these things)

An hour following Ryuma’s post, Shinhaw Lee attempted to remove the (old) from the wikia, but in turn, she got a slap on the face as a danbooru member followed up behind her and completely removed the wiki all together.

This here demonstrate that my work for Operation Cardboard has actually payed off after 3 long months. As we are gaining support over at danbooru!

However, this update will serve as the real test for this operation…..

Shinhaw as we know is now aware of what’s going on in danbooru and there’s no telling what may happen. Which is why I’m addressing that we need to be at top form for this event. Because as much as it took me to take control, it can be easily taken away if Danbooru is convinced that wikia can keep an “A game” like us. So it’ll become a race to get the images up there on danbooru.

considering the fact that there will also 30+ images this time around, I will also be asking to have a few people ready to help with assisting me on danbooru, we are going to need the numbers for this as there’s a chance the images won’t be accepted till later notice and also due to image posting limits (if staff doesn’t approve images) 

Also considering when the event goes live, people like Shinhaw will be up and active thus we are about to enter a '''battlezone''' at Danbooru. Speed and efficiency is going to be key to winning the battle there. Should we be successful, we will most likely be able to gain full support of Danbooru which should in turn help increase gradual growth for the wiki since at this point, the people of danbooru will pretty much acknowledge this wiki’s existence.

So I will advice, you want to join this, then you should get a danbooru account 1 week in advance, if you don’t have one! Otherwise notify me! I will need at least 3 people with danbooru accounts to make this work efficiently. 

Update notes from Thursday 7/30/2015:
As I figured… all it took was the right people to either stumble across Shinhaw Lee’s post or see how the wikia was removed from Danbooru, and now  there seems to be some mobilization that’s taking place on Danbooru ATM. A team of image posters have started uploading 40 Kanmusu images in just over the course of 3 hours. There were mostly older images but it should be taken into account as this shows what we’re going to be up against.

The team consisted of two people, Hasinnator and Fenen, Hassinator is relative newer has he hasn’t posted much and has only done it a few times, but Fenen is a long time veteran who has unlimited posting privileges.

Further investigation upon Danbooru has brought to the attention there may be a massive staff change that’s currently going underway. They are doing this based on several criteria which I do not know, but it involves, dedication, good posts, and for the former mods how well they handle judgements on images… This should not affect the Current Operation Cardboard Box, but as a heads up it may affect future operations down the road depending on who gets mod and administration rights.

From the looks of the posting speed, I’m looking at the fact these people uploaded about 13 images / hour. Without a doubt, having a few people (about 2-3) will be beneficial for this run. We’ve made a strong impact this far, we don’t need it lose what I and a few others did in the course of 3 months.

===Dealing with KCUSA and Himeuta===

With the event on the rise of people coming out of hiding for the event. All the things I mentioend in “Why is this important” will apply to here. While we are seeing more people use our wiki, it’s also the clam before the storm…. 

For KCUSA, Once the event draws near be ready to see way more wikia posts. People often will try to use and direct people new and old to it and will do it often! You will need a method to counter this! Create guides, direct people to our wiki, be present to assist others, you will need to be fast and active. This is just as much a strategy as t is being helpful. If need be, ask me to consider linking something and I’ll talk to Vince about it. Even though he’s  may not be too involved with working with our wiki, he still endorses it. 

Try to formulate a strategy and please let me know in the event I am not present in discuss after the meeting…

For Himeuta, a lot will ride on when we get the server moved. For the maximum impact it needs to be before the update. But again, this all rides on Patches to accomplish here. it should happen in due time, but it’ll be a rough ride, but if done correctly, this should take a lot of people by surprise and possibly see what we can accomplish let alone they’ll know we help salvage their server during the most intense moment of its activity!

Do however expect opposition, mostly likely from Wikia people as they may speak up against the whole thing. Patches and company should be able to do some work talking on the matter, but otherwise, the one thing we should expect when we move in is similar to what will probably happen on KCUSA… flooding of wikia posts. Works with himeuta to see how we can counter that and work with them to try to help control of the situation and help support in the wiki’s growth. 

Again, it’s up to you all to formulate a plan for this since we’ll be active all over the place during the event. whether it’s collecting data, helping the community or, building the wiki… remember that the more supportive growth you have from the community, the better off we’ll be for future events. 

The rest is all up to you all so I wish you all the best of luck and I will be in touch with everyone who is present at the meeting.

P.S. Ithaca record who all is present. I will be speaking to EVERYONE who attended.

Marc “Totaku” Keller

[[category:Meeting Notes]]