If you leave me a message here, and for some reason I don't respond for a long period of time, [[wikipedia:en:User talk:Benlisquare|try giving me a yell at the English Wikipedia]], since I spend most of my time there. --[[User:benlisquare|<span style="font-family:Monospace;padding:1px;color:orange">'''benlisquare'''</span>]]<sub>[[User talk:benlisquare|T]]•[[Special:Contributions/Benlisquare|C]]</sub> 11:26, 17 April 2015 (UTC)

== Trello ==

Yo.

Have we gotten you situated on Trello yet? I've spent a good chunk of the day drawing up which pages need translations, which we'll have to put a hold on, and which people have already had a once over (though obviously more edits are always welcome). If you are part of our group and just not seen it, it's [https://trello.com/b/wbasB48X Here]; tell me if you need me to add you onto the board to keep track of progress.

And thanks for your help, too :D

[[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 10:03, 20 April 2015 (UTC)

:Not yet. I've never used Trello before, do I just click on "subscribe" for that group? As for general tasks on this wiki, I mostly keep up with them via IRC. --[[User:benlisquare|<span style="font-family:Monospace;padding:1px;color:orange">'''benlisquare'''</span>]]<sub>[[User talk:benlisquare|T]]•[[Special:Contributions/Benlisquare|C]]</sub> 12:24, 20 April 2015 (UTC)

::Oh. Yes, you just click subscribe I think. Otherwise PM me your email. But thanks for all the event translations by the way! [[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 20:27, 22 April 2015 (UTC)