'''Welcome to ''Kancolle Wiki''!'''
We hope you will contribute much and well.
You will probably want to read the [https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:MyLanguage/Help:Contents help pages].
Again, welcome and have fun! [[User:Patches|Patches]] ([[User talk:Patches|talk]]) 23:50, 24 November 2020 (UTC)

== Arsenal Tables ==

Hi DeMatt. <br>
Akashi tables will eventually(hopefully soon) be moduled/automated, mostly directly copied from wikia.<br>
I know the hard work those tables are, I used to do them on wikia. <br>
Eventually the sections will be completely redundant so I wouldn't recommend focusing on them.<br><br>
Discord: chocolatecravinghobo#9086, [[User:Chocolatecravinghobo|Chocolatecravinghobo]] ([[User talk:Chocolatecravinghobo|talk]]) 28 November 2020

== Re: Re: Arsenal Tables ==

It is already complete on wikia and https://akashi-list.me/.
<br>Wikia Data: [https://kancolle.fandom.com/wiki/Module:Data/Equipment/Type_94_Anti-Aircraft_Fire_Director], Page Result: [https://kancolle.fandom.com/wiki/Type_94_Anti-Aircraft_Fire_Director#Improvement]
<br>Once equipment assets and top modules/templates are done on this wiki, hopefully all thats needed is a 1 to 1 botted copy of the data from wikia to here.
<br>And every single equipment's Akashi table would be done, copied from wikia. Just like that.
<br><br>I used to edit the manual tables [https://kancolle.fandom.com/wiki/Akashi%27s_Improvement_Arsenal?offset=&limit=500&action=history][https://kancolle.fandom.com/wiki/Akashi%27s_Improvement_Arsenal/Table?offset=&limit=500&action=history]
<br>And still do the lua ones [https://kancolle.fandom.com/wiki/Module:Data/Equipment/30.5cm_Triple_Gun_Mount_Kai?type=revision&diff=1150498&oldid=1137627]
<br>With the extended experience of doing them, I know the huge pain they are and don't recommend grinding them out here.
<br>You're obviously motivated and your quick template&module edits have been great so I hope you'll stick around, maybe even participate in discord.
<br>I just don't want to see you get burnt out over these tables, there is plenty of other work that could be done on this wiki.
<br><br>If you insist on doing them then at least let me recommend spacing the names out on timetables.
<br>I've done it on 46cm Triple Gun Mount to showcase
<br>Before: [https://en.kancollewiki.net/w/index.php?title=46cm_Triple_Gun_Mount&oldid=78797#Akashi.27s_Improvement_Arsenal], 
<br>After(w/changes displayed):[https://en.kancollewiki.net/w/index.php?title=46cm_Triple_Gun_Mount&type=revision&diff=79104&oldid=78797#Akashi.27s_Improvement_Arsenal]

<br>--Discord: chocolatecravinghobo#9086, [[User:Chocolatecravinghobo|Chocolatecravinghobo]] ([[User talk:Chocolatecravinghobo|talk]]) 29 November 2020