You have the general info page listed as under your revamps, but I noticed on it some links to special remediation pages. I just fixed all the double redirects, but I went to go see if I could fix the dead-end pages. The majority of the 300+ are of two categories - the gallery pages, and these "Module:" pages. 
The gallery pages I think we could excuse, but perhaps we should just add the ship select chart to the bottom, or perhaps even make a Category:Gallery to nest them all in that would generate eliminate the page dead-ending.
The module pages, it seems 90% of them are just blank placeholder sheets, orphaned for some reason. I don't know if these should be redirects to proper equipment pages, populated, or deleted.
Not sure if you're the right person to ask, but you seem to be doing most of the editing 'round here, so I figured I'd ask and you could point me in the right direction.
[[User:Ravien|Ravien]] ([[User talk:Ravien|talk]]) 06:06, 12 June 2015 (UTC)

:Regarding the Modules; those were abandoned by Ckwng (A Wikia user) for the longest time, and he has only now begun to make use of them on the Wikia (Starting with [[Akatsuki]]'s second remodel). Those were specifically for a template in development there to accomodate the crappy page width; that clearly isn't an issue here, so that project can be scrapped with approval. I wanted to eliminate all of these a while back, but didn't receive a very clear response from the admins. I'll ask again soon, because I'm absolutely sick of seeing those everywhere when I browse the special pages.

:Regarding the gallery pages, I don't like how they are right now. If you have more suggestions for those, I'd be glad to hear them. Editing activity can be fairly sporadic here, but [[User:Anged Obscurite]] and I make plenty of changes daily and both collaborate on a lot of this housekeeping/renovation stuff if you need help navigating a lot of the mess from the data dump. [[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 06:20, 12 June 2015 (UTC)

::To add my two cents: I like the idea of Category:Gallery (in case someone is looking for CGs and wants to skip the whole page thing). Also Ravien, usually a lot of the discussions are had on the IRC, if you ever wish to come in and discuss strategic planning and the like. [[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 01:16, 15 June 2015 (UTC)

== Major ==
{| class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed wikitable"
|-
!Off Topic
|-
|<nowiki>[Off-topic]</nowiki>, but yes, you have my major correct. sup? [[User:Anged Obscurite|Anged Obscurite]] ([[User talk:Anged Obscurite|talk]]) 00:17, 20 June 2015 (UTC)

:I'm studying with the goal of entering a field centered on Econometrics and remembered you saying something about majoring in math, in case I need some very quick help on something (Most of my schooling isn't math-based so I'm starting from only a few feet above scratch). And yeah, ideally I won't be using IRC for a long time except for #en-wikipedia-help on freenode for revising some weeb articles. Cheers. [[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]] ([[User talk:Wsewolod|talk]]) 02:48, 20 June 2015 (UTC)
|}

== Userspace Edits ==
Saw your edit; feel free to make the changes you think need to be made.  Knowing that other people actually care makes it easier to work (a lot of the solo projects I start tend to expire without fanfare), so thanks for the touch-up.  Though now that I know people actually watch the Recent Pages I'll have to make sure not to put anything ''too'' dumb into my userspaces. [[User:Tadoritsuita|Tadoritsuita]] ([[User talk:Tadoritsuita|talk]]) 20:49, 27 July 2015 (UTC)