There are a few, limited, cases where pages may be '''[[Help:Deletion|deleted]] speedily'''. Non-admins can ask for an [[Help:User access levels|admin]] to delete such a page simply by adding a [[Template:Speedydelete|<nowiki>{{speedydelete}}</nowiki>]] tag.

A list of pages to be deleted can be found at [[:Category:Candidates for speedy deletion]].

When deleting, check the [[Help:Page history|page history]] first to see if you can [[Help:Reverting|revert]] to an older version instead of deleting the entire page.

You can consider turning problematic pages into relevant redirects as an alternative to deletion.

Ideally, when an admin deletes a test page or other page with no useful content, it is a good idea to put a note on the author's talk page explaining things, and preserving the deleted content, pointing them to the [[Project:Sandbox|sandbox]] in cases of tests.

==Examples of candidates for speedy deletion==
# No meaningful content or history (''e.g.'' random characters).
# Test pages (''e.g.'', "Can I really create a page here?").
# Pure [[Help:Vandalism|vandalism]] (see also [[Wikipedia:Wikipedia:Dealing with vandalism|dealing with vandalism]]).
# Very short pages with little or no context (''e.g.'', "He is a funny man that has created Factory and the Hacienda. And, by the way, his wife is great.")
# Reposted content that was already deleted according to policy.
# Pages that have been moved to another Wikia because they were uploaded in the wrong place.
# Temporarily deleting a page in order to [[Help:Moving pages|move a page]].
# Broken redirects or ones caused by typos during a page move.
# Duplicate images.
# Talk pages of already deleted articles.
# User talk pages of non-logged in users where the message is no longer relevant. (This is to avoid confusing new users who happen to edit with that same IP address.)
#Empty categories.
#User and talk pages on request of the user, where there is no significant abuse, and no administrative need to retain the page. 

[[Category:Community|Candidates for speedy deletion]]