'''Welcome to {{SITENAME}}!''' The Community Portal is where this wiki community comes together to organize and discuss projects for the wiki. To see the most recent discussions, click the '''Discussion''' tab above.

You can find out more general information about the wiki on the [[Project:About|About]] page.

==How to help out==
* If you want to help but you're not sure where to start, try improving the various '''[[:Category:Article stubs|stub]]''' articles by adding content.
* Another helpful activity would be to check the list of '''[[Special:WantedPages|wanted pages]]''' for frequently linked-to articles that don't exist yet.
* To follow the changes to this wiki, and to look out for new users and edits use, '''[[Special:RecentChanges|recent changes]]'''.
* You can find a list of useful templates at '''[[:Category:Templates]]''', some of which are documented on '''[[{{ns:project}}:Templates]]'''.
* If you need help editing, you could start with '''[[Help:Editing]]'''.

==Things to do==
{{col-begin}}
{{col-2}}
; Useful activities
* Help expand some '''[[:Category:Article stubs|article stubs]]'''.
* '''[[Special:ShortPages|Locate]]''' and '''[[Template:Stub|mark]]''' pages that need expanding as [[:Category:Article stubs|article stubs]].
* Create links to some '''[[Special:LonelyPages|orphaned pages]]'''.
* Upload and add some images! Visit '''[[Special:Upload]]'''. Add them to a category too, like <nowiki>[[</nowiki>[[:Category:Images]]<nowiki>]]</nowiki>.
* Write a new article that's on '''[[Special:WantedPages|the wanted list]]'''!
* Fix any '''[[Special:DoubleRedirects|double redirects]]''' by redirecting the first page to the third page.
* Check for '''[[Special:BrokenRedirects|broken redirects]]''' and either mark them for deletion or find a more appropriate target.
* Consider splitting up very '''[[Special:LongPages|long pages]]''' into different pages or subpages.
* Create some links on '''[[Special:DeadendPages|dead end pages]]'''.
* ''Add more...''

{{col-2}}
; Other useful special pages
*[[Special:BrokenRedirects]]
*[[Special:DoubleRedirects]]
*[[Special:UncategorizedCategories]]
*[[Special:UncategorizedImages]]
*[[Special:UncategorizedPages]]
*[[Special:UnusedImages]]
*[[Special:WantedCategories]]
*'''Check out the full list of special pages at [[Special:SpecialPages]].'''
{{col-end}}

==Some other interesting pages==
* Want to find out what you've done so far? Visit [[Special:Mycontributions|your contributions page]].
* Find out more about the wiki on '''[[Special:Statistics]]''' and '''[[Special:Version]]'''!

[[Category:Help|Community Portal]]
[[Category:Community| ]]