==Dragonjet's Input, June 31st==
Here's my own Qs, as well as issues from the first attempt which I can remember. I might have missed some problems from the old days, but people will be sure to point them out. No need for immediate answers if things are still to be discussed by the new wiki team

===Comment System===
Will there be a comment system per article? How can people give feedback for certain topics

In the case a system will be in place, good.
In the case there will be no more comment system:
right now, tweets and sometimes CG teasers are posted by the people on the Recent Updates thread on the wiki. How do people proceed on the new wiki, should they edit the main article itself?
where do we put discussions, speculations on a certain topic?
===Anon Editing===
Anon user access rights and write permissions

will anons be able to edit?
will anons be able to comment if a comment system is implmented
will anons be able to reply on forum threads if a system is implemented
do you have any idea in mind on what to use so that all of these pemissions can be adjusted through an admin dashboard or something?
===Blogging===
Will there be a blogging system for users?,

Is there an alternative to wikia's blogging system?
If one is already implemented, how do we use it differently from wikia's?
Can other users comment on blog posts.
will the comment system be the same on wikia articles that further replies to a specific comment are considered as sub-threads and is a pretty much organized reply system
again, what are the differences of wikia blogs vs new wiki blogs?
can we be notified of blog replies? something wikia doesn't have
===Internal Forum===
We we going to have an internal forum on the new wiki?

If yes
How will it be different from wikia's? explain the feature here, including replying, quoting if it has, etc.
If not
Then do we stop talking altogether?
or are we going to rely on Himeuta as a discussion center?
In case of himeuta merge
Will mods from both sides, wikia and himeuta retain their mod status and be merged?
What about admin status for both sides?
Discuss possibilities of himeuta merge here if it applies
===Registration===
How is the registration process?
Can we use our wikia accounts?
will our edit history be carried over? (mine didn't and im still waiting)
will our avatars be carried over?
will our profiles, which people worked hard for, be carried over?
what other things do we need to know in registration? please explain the process
Side Note
In a way, this post looks like a draft of what the original post should've been. Hopefully this will be discussed in the upcoming MoveAttempt3.0 after these plans are finalized.

Another advice I can give is to post this as an article in the new wiki. Therefore you can just link it to people instead of copy-pasting the whole thing every time you want to explain it to someone somewhere regardless if its on the wiki, on facebook, etc. Something like a Migration Plan article on the new wiki.

==KC Wiki Responses==
===Comment System===
''[[User:Gensui Hime|Gensui Hime]]: In order to keep pages cleaner and also load faster, direct commenting on an article will be removed. However, this does not mean there will be no way to leave one. Each page has something called a "Talk Page" where people can discuss topics related to that page. For example, [[Kancolle Wiki]] has a talk page at [[Talk:Kancolle Wiki]]. As for CG updates and the like, what I was thinking of doing was creating a new subpage under the Game Updates page for every new update that comes along. Like this page [[Game_Updates/2015/May 29th]].''

'''Synopsis'''
* Discussion pages on articles are an effective way to discuss content changes and are in use on smooth-running websites like [[WP:Wikipedia]] and numerous independent wikis. 
* All updates will have their own subpage in Game Updates.

===Anon Editing===
''[[User:Gensui Hime|Gensui Hime]]: To ensure protection against spammers and vandalism, anonymous accounts will not be able to edit pages and content. Speaking more on that front, it doesn't take long to actually create an account.''

''The forums and blogging system is still a work in progress and I will have a definitive answer at a later date.''

===Blogging===
''[[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]]: [[User:Remi_Scarlet/Blog/FurutakaKaiNiCosplay]] is a good example of a functional blog on the new wiki, not to say this is the only way.''

===Internal Forum===

===Registration===
''[[User:Gensui Hime|Gensui Hime]]: Registration is done by a filtered process where an account is requested, then we approve the account so that it becomes active. I know it's a hassle when you could be just editing anonymously, but we've had spammers create over 6 accounts at once in the past, so in order to protect pages from such actions, this is a must. When you sign up for an account, you will be asked for a username and email address. A simple question will also be asked in order to prove that the account maker is not an automated bot that is used for spamming. Once the account has been requested our staff will then approve your account, and our mailing system will send you your temporary password, which you can change later. When we first imported over content from wikia, we also copied your profile pages as well, so as long as you use the same account name you have here on wikia your user profile information should automatically shift over. Avatars cannot be carried over due to the differences in the core extensions installed on the wikis, but you can add a new avatar, as that feature is retained. In the future a solution to gaining avatars may be looked for.''

'''Synopsis'''
*Registration is mandatory for editing, but it is a simple, efficient process that weeds out spammers.

===Other===
'''"And what of the large-scale improvements going on right now? I have the Quests page revamp underway right now, and we have the Lua implementation going on as well. I'm honestly afraid of that work being lost for nothing." -SmokeytheButt, an Administrator on the wikia'''

''[[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]]: The quest page has been renovated a good deal on this side, and is continually seeking further improvement as a high-traffic page for newbies and veterans alike; hopefully the most meaningful edits made on Wikia can be done relatively quickly here, and we aren't shunning the time and effort put into improving these pages.''

''I've been keeping tabs on Ckwng's work with the ship info cards and other stuff; while I'm not a programmer by any means, I'd support this work if it results in making page modifications easier. There are still 400+ blank modules sitting around here from the data dump to that end. The Shipinfo template seems made primarily to accommodate wikia's limited (very limited) page-width; rather than scrapping his efforts, he can have more opportunity to make something easy to read while comprehensive here without making it look extremely...elongated. ''

''A third significant renovation I've seen is Akashi's table. While I haven't done much remodeling there, I have been keeping up with the recent improvement updates and inserted them accordingly. As I understand it, Mathiaszealot is Akashi person on Wikia. I understand working within the limitations of Wikia's silliness, but I have seen complaints (from wikia too, before I moved over) about a few aspects such as the partitioned square used for resources cost (ammo, fuel, etc.) and the letters in the days-of-the-week column (I have agonized over devising an alternative); this site's layout certainly presents new possibilities.''

''I'll write down some specific issues to address on their respective pages based on the input I see on [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:273515 Quest Page Revamp], [http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:206780 Lua Implementation] and other threads.''

'''"Last point but, is there any work being made on spicing up the look of the site? At the moment, it's not entirely exciting to look at. " -SmokeytheButt'''

''[[User:Wsewolod|Wsewolod]]: The front page really needs work.''

'''Synopsis'''
* The editors on this site are more than willing to cooperate with wikia users on making the wiki more informative and easy-to-read for anyone seeking answers about the game, and will assist in importing significant improvements to pages, especially those on high-traffic pages like [[Quests]] and [[Development]] and commonly used templates like [[template:Shipinfo2]].

Editors here can post in the discussion page if they concoct meaningful responses to any of these points; as wikia users probably don't want to create an account just to partake in a discussion on this site, we'll be keeping up with related wikia threads, though I am unsure how much input we can glean since CDRW deleted the thread.