'''If you think the policy requires a change, please contact an administrator or leave a message in the [[Suggestion ]] page.'''

All users are expected to follow and adhere to the policies of the Kancolle Wiki while editing or posting anything. 

Policies have wide acceptance among editors and describe standards that all users should normally follow.
==Policies==
===<span style="font-size:17px;font-weight:bold;">General</span>===
*Resolving an issue is '''up to the administrator''' addressing that issue. Anything that may not be outlined clearly on this policy can be decided by an administrator if it requires it. Please do not try to argue with an administrator, as it may just worsen things. If you have complaints or other things you might want to say, leave it in the [[Suggestion]] page.
*[[wikipedia:Wikipedia:Assume good faith|Assume good faith]].
*[[wikipedia:meta:Don't be a jerk|Don't be a jerk]].
*[[wikipedia:Wikipedia:Please do not bite the newcomers|Please do not bite the newcomers]].
*Don't Feed the Trolls - Do not antagonise trolls under any circumstances. It may worsen the situation.
*Use common sense. Don't interpret policies and editors word-for-word.
*Proxies - Proxies may be used to protect a user's privacy. Proxies used for vandalism may be blocked indefinitely. If you currently use a VPN to play the game, please sign off the VPN before posting.
*User Blocking - Also known as a ban. This will only be used in extreme cases. For example, if a user is seen deleting large amounts of pages when it is not warranted, or does not follow our Deletion Policy below, the user will be banned. Whether the user is banned for a duration of time or indefinitely is up to the administrator that applied the ban.
*Respect other people. Be nice and don't try to cause unnecessary strife.
*Artworks and other media should have source and/or credits.
**You may put a link in either the comment body or on the caption. This is not something that will be strictly monitored but at the very least specify where you took the image from.
**If it is your own artwork, no need to put credits but specify that its yours
*Off-topic Discussions are allowed but keep it minimum
**One thread per topic is allowed for a given time
**Do not make this a General Discussion for another topic/game. This is not enforced but try to adhere to it.

===Chat===
Follow the Kancolle Wiki policies and rules when talking inside chat. Administrators and Chat Moderators may take action based on the situation at hand as well (this depends on the situation, of course). 
===Ownership===
Users do not own the pages and/or files they edit. Do not undo edits made by other users just because you "disagree" with them. What is considered "disagreeing" will be determined independently when the need arises. Translations are an exception, as there may be multiple ways to interpret a sentence and can be discussed with editors. If you have complaints about an edit, please discuss it with the community before making any drastic changes. 
===Protection of Pages===
Normally a page should remain unprotected and editable to everyone, unless there is considerable cause to warrant protection.
===Editing===
This is free for registered users to do on the wiki. If you make considerable changes, please write in the summary what you changed and why. Do not spam minor edits to increase your edit count. Administrators and Staff reserve the right to reverse/stop edit wars. 

If a person posts an official tweet from @KanColle_STAFF, with japanese text or not, with translations or not, as long as it is related to or talks about a recent tweet from the devs, and does not contain the Tweet template, the post may be edited by administrators to include it. A footnote shall indicate it was edited, and the person's original comments will remain. Tweet tag will come first, then below it is the original post. The template looks like this: {{Tweet}}
====Spoilers====
Spoiler comments should <strike>use the Spoiler Template to hide any potential spoilers. For Example:</strike>
{{Spoilers
 |episode = 4
 |msg = Spoiling the anime.
}}

Instead of using spoilers, please go to the respective episode thread to have unrestricted talks about episodes. Regardless of being a spoiler or not, it will be removed if posted in anywhere else than the thread.

Continued offenses will warrant a temporary ban towards the user/IP address. In extreme cases, the user will be banned permanantly.

Please obey the 3-day rule (All anime spoilers are not allowed until AFTER 3 days have passed from the initial English subtitle broadcast).