This is a page to discuss the ever-ongoing quest to provide accurate, concise and timely translations. Our Trello board for this is [https://trello.com/b/SfalyAi2 here]; remember to update the work you're doing there so we can easily keep track of workflow.

==Process Description==
Description of the current process.
# Move a ship to the "In Progress" category.
# Verify that the page is technically correct and nothing is misplaced.
# Move it to the "Grammar Check" category.
# Someone else will check the grammar and move it to "Translation Checked" category.

This is my current understanding of how things work.  Please comment if it's correct or correct me if I'm not. [[User:Tadoritsuita|Tadoritsuita]] ([[User talk:Tadoritsuita|talk]]) 21:14, 21 April 2015 (UTC)

Yep! That's the current workflow scheme. [[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 21:24, 21 April 2015 (UTC)

Then if no objections, I'll add a note mentioning that the quality of the translations themselves will be reviewed at a later date and that we're currently in "phase one," as it were. [[User:Tadoritsuita|Tadoritsuita]] ([[User talk:Tadoritsuita|talk]]) 21:31, 21 April 2015 (UTC)
Do it!! :D [[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 08:09, 22 April 2015 (UTC)

==Discussion==
Currently there's a project to QC existing translations being coordinated on the #kancollewiki IRC and other external sites.  Is there anyone else who thinks it might be more convenient to try and set up an on-wiki portal for the projects?  I'm guessing not everyone translating is perfect (or maybe I'm the only incompetent one and just projecting) and I think it would be useful to have a place on-wiki to ask questions and coordinate other aspects of translation.  Touhouwiki used [http://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Touhou_Wiki:Project_Translations Touhou Wiki: Project Translations] to coordinate their efforts when they overhauled translations two years ago.  However, I know other people have expressed a preference for conducting the project in private.  A penny for anyone's thoughts? [[User:Tadoritsuita|Tadoritsuita]] ([[User talk:Tadoritsuita|talk]]) 09:53, 20 April 2015 (UTC)

:Well, that's part of what the [https://trello.com/b/SfalyAi2 Trello] boards are for. It's not necessarily about privacy as much as it is about 'okay, you're working on that, he's working on this, so I guess I'll take this, and leave this other thing I was going to do because the Admins have put it on hold pending their decisions." It's a powerful workflow creation tool. If anyone needs to be on them, contact me or pop on the IRC and we can take care of it. However, having this here is useful, because we can link inside the wiki too, which is always great.
:[[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 10:16, 20 April 2015 (UTC)

:: I'm sure it's a good workflow tool for sure but I'm thinking about things other than just workflow - maybe I'm just not familiar with it, but it doesn't seem like it was set up to be a platform for planning or discussion.  Well, maybe there's nothing to discuss and we can just let everyone do their own work. [[User:Tadoritsuita|Tadoritsuita]] ([[User talk:Tadoritsuita|talk]]) 10:29, 20 April 2015 (UTC)

::: Oh, you certainly do have a point. However, we've mostly been using the IRC for that, since it's a fairly easy chat medium that instantly allows talking, or skype in small groups, facebook, etc. And if people need things, or there is work to be done, I will assign them to cards on Trello (So if you see me do that to you, know that it probably would be pretty good to get that specific job done). And I always can assign people if they ask me, either here or by using "@later tell Itha* [your message here] " on the IRC.
::: [[User:Acecipher|Acecipher]] ([[User talk:Acecipher|talk]]) 07:28, 21 April 2015 (UTC)

==Babel Templates==
Tangential to the above discussion - is anyone competent enough to have the Babel templates ported to the Kancolle Wiki?  (The language proficiency userboxes.)  Copy-pasting didn't work for me, I can start bashing at it but maybe it would be easier for someone more familiar with Wikimedia.  [[User:Tadoritsuita|Tadoritsuita]] ([[User talk:Tadoritsuita|talk]]) 10:29, 20 April 2015 (UTC)

==List of Translators==
If you're translating and want to have your name listed here, just add yourself and your level: [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Babel/Levels Wikipedia Reference].  Loosely: JA-1 is for people using translation tools and grammar reference, JA-2 is for people with a sizable vocabulary and good grasp of grammar who may occasionally refer to a bilingual dictionary, JA-3 is for people who can manage almost anything with a JA-JA dictionary alone, JA-4 is for native-level speakers, and JA is for natives with a near-perfect grasp of the language.  The hope is that with this information centralized it will be easier to organize things such as final TL checks and editing.
===Translators===
* [[User:tadoritsuita|tadoritsuita]]: JA-2 or a bit south thereof