=Changes since January 2018=

This is an incomplete list and is only covering the most important changes a returning player might need to made aware of. Up to date as of the 8th of November 2021.

==Remodels and Ships==

*[[Tashkent|Tashkent kai]]:  '''4 slot''' Destroyer

*[[Yuubari|Yuubari Kai Ni Toku]], [[Yahagi|Yahagi Kai Ni B]]: "cheat CLT" like Yura and Abukuma

*[[Mogami|Mogami Kai Ni Toku]]: CAV capable of equipping minisubs and DLC/Tanks

*[[Musashi|Musashi Kai Ni]]: A costly '''5 slot''' Battleship

*[[Ise|Ise Kai Ni]]|[[Hyuuga|Hyuuga Kai Ni]]: '''5 slot''' Battlecarriers (count as BBV for routing) capable of equipping Carrier Fighters and Divebombers.

*[[Akagi|Akagi Kai Ni (E)]]: '''5 slot''' (night) Carrier

*[[Kaga|Kaga Kai Ni (E/Go)]]: '''5 slot''' (night/ASW) Carrier

*[[Nagato|Nagato Kai Ni]]|[[Mutsu|Mutsu Kai Ni]]|[[Nelson]]: Gain Access to a very powerful special attack (see below)

==Gameplay==

*Revamp of all existing maps except 3-5 and W6, introduction of World 7, located inbetween Worlds 3 and 4 in the sortie and expedition menus

** As result [[Tutorial:Leveling|Leveling]] Spots have changed, see the page for more details

*Introduction of new expeditions, some of which are only to be completed once a month. See [[Expeditions]] for details

** Introduction of combat expeditions, which are able to damage ships

*Introduction of [[Aerial_Combat#Rocket_Barrage|AA Rocket Barrage]]

*Introduction of [[Tutorial:Leveling#Range|Long Range Dive Bombers]], allowing more range control of Carrier Shelling.

*Certain skilled and named Squadrons now enjoy [[Anti-Air_Fire#Shoot_Down_Resistance|Anti-Air Fire Evasion]].

*Introduction of very powerful Special Attacks with [[Nelson]], [[Nagato|Nagato Kai Ni]] and [[Mutsu|Mutsu Kai Ni]]. Read their respective pages to get an idea of how they work

*Introduction of more stat bonuses for certain equipment on ships. Check the respective ship pages to see them.

*Introduction of High-Altitude Interceptors and [[Land-Based_Air_Squadron#High_Altitude_Air_Raid|High-Altitude Air Raids]]

*Introduction of [[Type 2 Land Based Reconnaissance Aircraft]] [[Type 2 Land-based Reconnaissance Aircraft (Skilled)|(skilled)]], increasing LBAS Range alongside Bombing and Fighterpower. Look at the [[Land-Based Air Squadron]] page for more details.

*Introduction of [[Repairs#Emergency_Anchorage_Repairs|Underway Repairs]] and more special Routing on Event Maps featuring [[Akashi|Akashi Kai]] and [[Akitsushima|Akitsushima Kai]]

*AA Fire Directors, Submarine RADAR/Echolocators and Skilled Lookouts can now be placed in Reinforcement Expansions

* Equipment Presets are now to be found in the [[Remodel_(Menu)]]

*Damage caps got raised:

** Support, ASW, Airstrike, LBAS - 170
** Opening and closing torpedo - 180
** Day shelling - 220
** Night battle - 360

* The [[Elite Torpedo Squadron Command Facility]] can be used in regular maps and placed in Reinforcement Expansions. See its page to see the rules of how its retreat mechanics work.

* Destroyers CIs have been buffed. Take a look at the [[Night_Battle#.22New_Type.22_Cut-ins|Night Battle Page]] to get an Idea of their effectivness.

* ASW Fit Bonuses now contribute to damage, the synergy bonuses have been revised