{|class="wikitable mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:800px; text-align: center; vertical-align: middle;"
!colspan="9"|Equipment Compatibility Card
|-
!
!colspan="2"|{{Ship/Banner|Yuubari|small=true}}<br/>Yuubari (Kai)
!colspan="2"|{{Ship/Banner|Yuubari/Kai Ni|small=true}}<br/>Yuubari Kai Ni
!colspan="2"|{{Ship/Banner|Yuubari/Kai Ni Toku|small=true}}<br/>Yuubari Kai Ni Toku
!colspan="2"|{{Ship/Banner|Yuubari/Kai Ni D|small=true}}<br/>Yuubari Kai Ni D
|-
!Equippable by Class
|colspan="8"|{{RedGunLight}}{{RedGunMedium}}{{YellowGun}}{{TorpedoWeapon}}{{Seaplane}}{{Radar}}{{Sonar}}{{DepthCharge}}<br/>{{Turbine}}{{Searchlight}}{{Drum}}{{StarShell}}{{CommandFacility}}{{AntiAircraftFireDirector}}{{AntiGroundArtillery}}{{Skilled Lookout}}
|-
!Expansion Slot
|colspan="2"|{{Equipment/Card|Improved Kanhon Type Turbine|size=36px}}{{GreenGunMG}}{{EmergencyRepair}}{{AntiAircraftFireDirector}}{{Skilled Lookout}}{{Rations}}
|colspan="6"|{{Equipment/Card|Improved Kanhon Type Turbine|size=36px}}{{GreenGunMG}}{{EmergencyRepair}}{{ArmorEquipment}}{{AntiAircraftFireDirector}}{{Skilled Lookout}}{{Rations}}
|-
!Additionally:
!colspan="2"|
|colspan="2"|{{ArmorEquipment}} <sub><sup>'''Extra Armor (Medium)'''</sup></sub>
|colspan="2"|{{ArmorEquipment}} <sub><sup>'''Extra Armor (Medium)'''</sup></sub><br/>{{TorpedoWeapon}}'''Minisubs'''<br/>{{LandingCraft}}{{Amphibious Tank}}
|colspan="2"|{{ArmorEquipment}} <sub><sup>'''Extra Armor (Medium)'''</sup></sub><br/>{{Sonar}} '''Large Sonar'''
|-
!Restricted:
!colspan="2"|
|colspan="2"|{{YellowGun}}{{Seaplane}}
|colspan="2"|{{YellowGun}}{{Seaplane}}<br/>{{Radar}} '''Large Radar'''
|colspan="2"|{{YellowGun}}{{Seaplane}}<br/>{{Radar}} '''Large Radar'''
|-
!rowspan="2"|Slot Exceptions
!rowspan="2" colspan="2"|
! style=" width:10px"|4th Slot
| '''No:'''<br/>{{RedGunLight}}{{RedGunMedium}}<br/>{{TorpedoWeapon}}
! style=" width:10px"|4th Slot
| '''No:'''<br/>{{RedGunLight}}{{RedGunMedium}}<br/>{{TorpedoWeapon}}
! style=" width:10px"|4th Slot
| '''No:'''<br/>{{RedGunLight}}{{RedGunMedium}}<br/>{{TorpedoWeapon}}
|-
! style=" width:10px"|5th Slot
| '''Only:''' <br/>{{Radar}}'''Small Radar'''<br/>{{GreenGunMG}}{{Rations}}
! style=" width:10px"|5th Slot
| '''Only:''' <br/>{{Radar}}'''Small Radar'''<br/>{{GreenGunMG}}{{Rations}}
! style=" width:10px"|5th Slot
| '''Only:''' <br/>{{Radar}}'''Small Radar'''<br/>{{GreenGunMG}}{{Rations}}
|}
{|class="wikitable mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:800px; text-align: justify; vertical-align: middle;"
!colspan="2"|Ship Assessment Report (ASIN)
|-
! style="width:20%;"|As Ship Type:
|'''Light Cruiser (CL)'''
* Able to attack Submarines
* Able to launch Torpedoes
* <s>Able to use utilize Artillery Spotting</s>
* Restricted to 1 max in Combined Fleet's Escort.
|-
!As Class:
| 
* Omitted due to being sole ship in class.
|-
!As Self:
| '''Base/Kai'''
* 4-Slot CL providing increased flexibility in loadout.
'''Kai Ni'''
* Becomes a 5-Slot CL; only one in the ship type.
* Has 3 Convertible Remodels that provide different specializations.
* Slot 4/5 has specific equipment restrictions.
|-
!In Battle:
| '''Base/Kai'''
* Low Armor stat makes ship more fragile compared to other ships of its type.
'''Kai Ni'''
* Toku Remodel offers Opening Torpedo when equipped with a midget submarine.
* D Remodel offers Opening ASW innately.
|-
!In Port:
| 
* This ship has no effects in port.
|-
!In Expedition:
| 
* This ship is not recommended to be sent for expeditions.
|-
|}