== Information ==
Hello everyone that reads this, my online name is SerialConvort on this wiki and when Im not playing Brave Frontier or Kancolle I am looking forward to watching anime and sharing opinions. I like Homestuck, Steam, Warhammer 40K, League of Legends, Kantai Collection, The World Only God Knows, Steins;Gate, Girls und Panzer, No Game No Life, and am looking forward to watching more anime that is gonna come out later or has already came out. I love the color blue or green and most of the time use them as my desktop colors, I love artwork of anime's and also the things I find most love able in a anime is unique characters, an intricate story plot, and the vividness and colorful design of the anime as a whole. My top 3 anime's would be in the order of first to last, Steins;Gate, The World God Only Knows, and then No Game No Life; I really recommend these anime's as they would be a good watch for most people that are interested in anime and are some of the best anime's I've seen thus far.

=== Kantai Collection Profile ===
Currently I am using 2 profiles at the same time and am mostly just grinding in between events to get ready for the next. I have only participated in two special events so far and in the main story I'm stuck on 3-2 mostly, with the destroyers and all that. My first account is currently level 73 and my second account is level 60. More or less my main account and my other account are carbon copies so you'll only really need one chart.
{|
| My Main Account
|Level
|Stage
|Gear 1 - 2
|Gear 3 - 4
|-
|Kongou
|80
| Kai Ni
| 41 Cm
41 Cm
|Type 0 Rcn
Type 91 AP
|-
|Kirishima
|75
| Kai
|41 Cm
41 Cm
|Type 0 Rcn
Type 91 AP
|-
|Prinz Eugen
|60
| Kai
|SKC34 20.3 Cm
SKC34 20.3 Cm
|FuMO25
Ar196
|-
|Ryuujou
|76
| Kai Ni
|Strong Gale
Comet
|Heavenly Mountain
Iridescent Cloud
|-
|Yuudachi
|67
| Kai Ni
| 10 Cm
61 Cm Qaud (02)
| 61 Cm Qaud (02)
|-
|Kaga
|58
| Kai
| Strong Gale
Comet
| Heavenly Mountain
Iridescent Cloud
|}
=== Favorite Animes/Mangas ===
The Comic Artist and His Assistants, The Irregular at Magic High School, To Aru Kagaku No Railgun S, Nanana's Buried Treasure, The Pet Girl of Sakurasou, MEKAKUCITY ACTORS, Is the Order a Rabbit?, Is this a zombie?, Gurren Lagaan, MAGICA WARS, Accel World, Black Bullet, Watamote, Hellsing, Nisekoi, FLCL, Shiki, Yotsuba, Kill la Kill, Sabagebu!, Steins;Gate, Angel Beats. Sword Art Online, No Game No Life, Arpeggio of Blue Steel, Aria the Scarlet Ammo, To Aru Majutsu no Index, Squid Girl Season I and II, Chaika –The Coffin Princess, Kanojo ga Flag wo Oraretara, The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, and The World God Only Knows - TWGOK

==== About Me ====
{|
|Activities:
|Watching anime, reading manga, books, or light novels, and playing online games
|-
|Interests:
|Gaming, Steam, Homestuck, League of Legends, Anime,Kantai Collection, and Manga
|-
|Favorite Anime:
|TWGOK, Arpeggio of Blue Steel, No Game No Life, Sword Art Online, and Steins;Gate
|-
|Favorite Game:
|League of Legends, Steam, Steins;Gate (The game),Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney Series, Persona 3/4/Arena,and Pikmin 1/2/3
|-
|Favorite Music:
|Ode to Joy, Homestuck, Person 4 or 3, Steins:Gate, To Aru Majutsu no Index, Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney, and a diverse array of other in game/anime orchestras/songs.
|-
|Favorite Movies:
|Frozen, Diamond in the Rough, Steins;Gate: Fuka Ryōiki no Déjà vu
|-
|Favorite Books:
|The Mazerunner, Warhammer 40k series, and Divergent
|-
|Favorite Quotes:
|'El. Psy. Congroo.', 'The world is a shitty game.', 'Some may question your right to destroy ten billion people. But those who understand realise that you have no right to let them live.', 'Another day nearer the battle So drink up lads and look brave. For another day nearer the battle Is another day nearer the grave.', 'The way of fools seems right to them; but the wise listen to advice.'
|}